Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, so last session opened with y'all still in the tunnel, Hulda having just closed the door behind you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You emerged into, as you continued down the tunnel, it stopped being root, and it seemed instead like it was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, coral, or bone, or more like the skeleton of a house than a house itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And what you emerged into was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A sort of, like, a ruined…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A house made of skeletal roots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a kind of an echo or copy of what… where you started. But you climb out of the cellar onto a road, and find yourself in, what hopefully your characters, I've guessed right by now is the Feywild.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just after twilight in the… I forgot, there's an absolutely wonderful word, glome, for this. So you're in the glome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And…
Mike Sackton: Is it just after Twilight, or just before Twilight?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sun has set Mmm… 10 or 15 minutes ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Despite, just as a sidebar,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In all of the images I generate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Photoshop really stubbornly does not like generating images after the sun has set, no matter how clearly and repeatedly I ask it to. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But we are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Definitely after sunset. The sun is far enough below the horizon that even, like, climbing up on a hill or something, you're not gonna have a sightline to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you start down the road, you start coming across a few different corpses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the features they all share is they all appear to have been running back towards the root house that you emerged from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And their heads are all gone one way or another. So the first one you find, it is just smashed to absolute oblivion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One of them… the whole body is burned, another one is just missing its head entirely, having been decapitated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, the AI summary says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The road discoveries turn the mood from treasure-hungry excitement to fear of a trap.
Tim Sackton: Kinda true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, right, fair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Charo casts augury, wondering if going into the manor is real or woe, and asking about the treaty is wise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It comes back, maybe unsurprisingly, as both.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You thought about different ways to go in and explore, but instead, Charo sends the familiar and eastern screech owl to go look around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And sees behind this gigantic hedgerow that conceals the party from sight, just this enormous party in the process of breaking up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But continually in the process of breaking up. If the party breaking up is, like, a half-hour event in a regular party, it is indefinitely that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): half hour, exactly. It is endlessly in the process of ending. Not in the sense of people performing the same loops over and over again, but doing endless variations.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or… In the quality of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know how, like, if you're, like, watching a show or something and you're not paying attention, and then you look back up and you're like, wait, I didn't… they're still there? I didn't think they were still there. Oh, well, I guess they're still there. Like, that… that's sort of a thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the gate, you encounter two guards who,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who sniff you and sniff the air and seem to be trying to smell something out of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): somewhere between old men acting like dogs and dogs acting like old men, and they say that you're just in time, because the party's ending, but they don't know anything about what's going on inside. Repeatedly, they say, we belong to the road, not to the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they know that the bodies came from further up, and that travelers sometimes have a bad smell that they have to stop from spreading. And I think they describe the bad smell as
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly the opposite of every other smell there is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is sort of in line with the unhelpfulness of their answers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or the inability of mortals to comprehend the Pharaoh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They explained that you're in the Twilight Kingdom, a place of a dozen-dozen houses, with the fixed sun always fixed just below the horizon, and the lord of this house instructed them to let in any mortal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because you don't have gifts to give, they accept your bribe of the dreams that you have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And each of you has dreamed of Of different and, interesting and foreboding things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inside the gate, Like the background image, it's this long, sloping lawn falling away to the river.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you chat first. I think overall, you sort of go looking for mortals. So you come across a pair of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Half-drunk Halflings, which probably rounds up to To holy drunk halflings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Arguing with each other, and just sort of blown away that you're there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're from Chartan. They're from…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the outpost of Chardon on the Imperial frontier, and find your questions about all of that somewhere between nonsensical and hilarious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They arrived in the Feywild in the morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And got up to a variety of adventures before getting to the party in full swing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, your best guess, which your characters did not actually make, but probably you as the players have pieced together, is they…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably been in the Feywild at least a thousand years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Without any consciousness of the passing of that time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inside the manor, you come across a few things. There's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One mortal who's sleeping behind a couch in the library, who looks like they probably had a little too much earlier in the night and are still sleeping it off, but very clearly a human, probably in his 20s.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, you find… Rakshasa, which…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is actually not technically the D&D monster Rakshasa, so much as,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): inspired from the original first edition aid indie illustration of a rock sasha that I have really liked a lot for the last 35 years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's a giant tiger person, like, tiger humanoid, probably 8 feet tall, well-dressed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, sober and coherent, unlike pretty much anyone else at the party, sitting on this porch all by himself, smoking a pipe. And seeing that you are mortals also invites you to sit down and chat. I think Iveen and Edric, start in the conversation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And in the course of chatting, he explains that he got obsessed somewhere along the way with this moment in time, this moment of twilight in sort of all of its permutations.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so at some point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the past, though he's conscious of the weirdness of time here, but did not share how long ago he's from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Went… essentially went wandering through the Twilight Kingdoms, wanting to understand what all the different kinds of Twilight were.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And found his way here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pieced together the story of why the party is ending. This… this celebration is ending. And he offers to trade it first for a month and a day in Iveen's house in Tolin, but she negotiates him down to Caius.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Tariq arrives and has some keys on him that the Rakshasa takes for an unknown purpose to an unknown end.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That'll probably pay off, like, in the… in the third installment of… of the trilogy of Feywild Adventures, something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… with keys, He shares the story that's at the heart of the house and the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He came to the Twilight Kingdom seeking to understand this state of time, this state of being.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And learned that at the height of the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, regardless of what that means temporarily, certainly narratively, there's a before, there's a height of the party when this revelry is in full swing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the height of the party, the neighbors…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who had newly moved in, one door down, came…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to this house, which was ruled at that time by someone called Lord Revel, Lord Revel's Beginning,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who wanted him To send mortals through the door of their house, whenever he had a mortal who came
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to the party, they wanted him to send them on. One way or another, you sort of get the impression that there's some amount of compulsion there, rather than just persuasion, but to send them through the door to their house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But he has no incentive to do this. First, they offer him gifts, but he finds them unimpressive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then they offer him stories of human revels, and he finds those unimpressive. And finally, they challenge him to a game of naming, or a game of poetry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And Revel says, and each of them are gonna have this one chance, And,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I had sent the session notes, you would see that these are indeed haiku.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But one chance to sort of name what is this place, and so Revel…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Explains it, describes it, you know, crystallizes it as the… party beginning wide lawns.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But… The wizard understands that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In this moment, in this game.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not just a description of the place as it is, but a description of the place as it is at any point in its story. From the party not yet even begun, with the sun just fallen, to the party having begun, with the sun just fallen, and so on all the way to the end. So the wizard
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Names what it's going to become. Wide lawns askew, lanterns low, party ending, ruled not by Lord Revel Beginning, but Lord Endless Ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And ever since that moment, that defined what the place was. And it's remained in that moment ever since, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord Ending has sent his mortal guests down the road every time the grandfather clock chimes zero.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Rakshasa seems not too concerned about this. There's the two, there's a few people in line in front of him, he seems to think, the halflings and the guy sleeping it off, and someone else as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the Rakshat, so remembers Hulda as the angry man who tried to bully his way in, and sort of mused about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your impression of the Rakshasa is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He is so very much a cat, keeping his own counsel, doing all things for his own ends, engaged in his own curious obsessions, but not,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whatnot,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not malevolent, in any sense, or lying to you all about this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Rakshasa confirms that's the only bargain he knows of that's… that's operative, so presumably this is what Hulda sent you in to break.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, And then what? And then, Edric goes off looking for another human.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The grandfather clock strikes zero in that moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you spot…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord Endless Ending, whispering to… into the ear, bending down, because it's very tall, bending down to whisper into the ear, of a human who then hurries out the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Charles sends his owl after the departing human.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the lord of the house locks eyes with Edric and beckons him closer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's where we ended.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything else to talk about before we pick up there?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fabulous.
Eric R: Try switching.
Eric R: to my laptop.
Eric R: I don't know if I will drop temporarily or not. Just give me a sec.
Eric R: Do-do-do-do.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just give me, give me one second as well, just also just got home and popped my laptop open.
David S. Kong: You're in?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, as you guys are doing that, as you're waiting on it.
Eric R: working in the program.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll do the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): having everyone check in with, character descriptions, but also, like, where are you right now? And you can…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, you can be sort of any arbitrary place in the house, but I kind of want to get the geography of who's together and who's apart, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who's nearby, and what do you look like while you're doing it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the other is, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love, along with the physical description, like, what is the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the description of the emotional state right now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, where… where are each of you at?
Mike Sackton: So… Hi, Dreg.
Mike Sackton: standing… what, in… I'm not sure I totally picture exactly what the word is. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, he is at one end of the ballroom. The ballroom is a large space that's probably 35 feet wide and 70 feet long. And you're at one end, which is sort of the rest of the house end, and the far end of the ballroom, where he is, opens up into a series of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): double doors that open wide onto one of the great many patios that surround the house. So you've just… you've come from the porch in through the bar and buffet, cut through the library and into the ballroom.
Mike Sackton: And there's another human kind of leaving out his side, like, 70 feet.
Mike Sackton: Like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that person left through the far side directly out onto the porch, so already, I mean, in 2 seconds, they're out of your view.
Mike Sackton: So… Edrick, Is wise enough to have his giant hammer sheathed on his back.
Mike Sackton: Right, but he's still wearing his armor, burnished in silver and…
Mike Sackton: Lightly glowing with the six-pointed crown of the night queen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What kind of armor does he wear?
Mike Sackton: Like a breastplate?
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's pretty… pretty clearly, like, armor, right? Like, it looks like an armored… armored… But it's not full plate, right? Like, no…
Mike Sackton: like, it's mostly a breastplate, and then, like, some greaves and, like, leather on the arms, not metal. He usually wouldn't have that.
Mike Sackton: I forget mechanically if it's halfway, but anyway, it's… it's…
Mike Sackton: But the most obvious feature of the armor is this, like, six-pointed crown.
Mike Sackton: that faintly glows. Like, the points of the crown have faint light growing from them. I mean, it's…
Mike Sackton: probably somewhat, obviously, magical to MW.
Mike Sackton: And he's, tall, 6'6", you know, with his… Somewhat off-center face, and…
Mike Sackton: a little bit of a… determined look, like, I will get through this, with the MedQueen's help, I will get through this.
Mike Sackton: But he doesn't look like he's happy to be here.
Mike Sackton: Or, like, enjoying himself. Like, the party is not… it's not, like.
Mike Sackton: His emotional state is not,
Mike Sackton: like, I like parties where it's more like…
Mike Sackton: Why did I agree to come here?
Mike Sackton: how do I get…
Mike Sackton: to the next part of this, without tripping over any of these fancy people I don't really understand, or…
Mike Sackton: Or, you know, culture data.
Mike Sackton: Like, he's a bit of a farm boy at heart.
Mike Sackton: And he's actually starting to mutter a prayer.
Mike Sackton: to the Night Queen, like, touching his armor, which it turns out is also the magic spell, protection from good or evil.
Mike Sackton: Which protects him from fat as well.
Mike Sackton: As he's walking over to the Lord, he's muttering a blessing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if you had a story for where Tarek went, or if we could retcon him
Eric Rosenbaum: Sneaking off and becoming somehow intoxicated in some way that he does not understand, such that he has returned now and is quite disoriented.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… I love that. Can you bake that out more? Like, I'm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, you've got the whole house and grounds to explore, or have been in, or have come across. You should just go wild making up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, when Tarek is in a certain mood, you can have the experience of thinking that you're looking right at him.
Eric Rosenbaum: And be mid-sentence saying something to him, and then he's finished.
Eric Rosenbaum: because he noticed something shiny.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this house is full of very interesting things.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, while everyone else was focused on
Eric Rosenbaum: Figuring out what to do, he was focused on…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, music, nice.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Let's see… he has explored…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, he knows about the structure of wealthy manners, and where to find
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Things of value that are pocketable.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Can I make a suggestion? Yeah. That…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you have pocketed something that will be revealed in retconned later on, whether it's in this session or the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't even look that carefully at it, so yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, something from this house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Almost certainly not magical, but feyish, that you can pull out of your pocket somewhere down the road from now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we give a description of it in outline, like it fills a pouch?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can't see it, or it's, heavy in my pocket, or is there any other… any parameter you can give to it, or no?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think small image and palm, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not like a statue.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, what Tarek did is he went looking for bedrooms.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So that meant he went looking for stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did he get upstairs?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, sure, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so he found one or two of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then one of them was.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What, like a… a wet bar?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But everything looked pretty crusty.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But there was also, within that, a chest within a chest, locked, no obstruction, and a tiny vial of some kind of powder, which he opened to just, you know, have a look at. But without intentionally ingesting anything.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Noticed a few minutes later that, the world seemed a little bit sideways.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We don't know what that was.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But…
Eric Rosenbaum: Along the way, he's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Liberated a few items to be, rehomed more equitably.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then found his way back to the rest of the gang.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love it. I like the idea that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It actually did turn the house sideways for him for a minute, and he had to, like, crawl along the walls to get back downstairs again.
Eric Rosenbaum: The…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Architecture here is a mess, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would they build it like that?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody should turn this thing right side up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, remind us, like, what does he look like?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He is, a young… .
Eric Rosenbaum: A young human who is, on the one hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scruffy and frayed, on the other hand, proud of his appearance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With carefully groomed, Locks of black hair to his chin.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A fancy cloak that is well worn.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And excellent, well-maintained, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally silent shoes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Awesome.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, Charo is kind of hanging back, maybe…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm sort of imagining there's a wide open space and maybe, like, a portico or something where there's…
Tim Sackton: The party is sort of spilling halfway out onto the lawn.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But .
Tim Sackton: I guess it's not really a… whatever the room is that the Lord holds.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: forced in.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And Chara's standing, maybe… Halfway in… side, halfway outside.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He is, you know, 6'3", 6'4", large, green, scaled lizard.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Spoke, with flecks of sort of yellowish-brown underneath his…
Tim Sackton: Jaw, and sort of spreading along the sides of his neck.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wearing a sort of greenish cloak, hood tossed back, or maybe without a hood at all.
Tim Sackton: And sort of warm traveling clothes. He has a wooden shield that's slung over his back, and his hand is resting on a…
Tim Sackton: A sort of carved wooden wand that has a bunch of bird motifs around it, at his belt.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he is… Looks maybe…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, he has caught uncertain as to whether he wants to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: hang back, or jump forward and speak. He is not normally a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know, he travels with two bards. He's not normally the person who Leaps forward and engages, but… .
Tim Sackton: Maybe feels a little that this…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Situation calls for…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Perhaps a bit of… Something different than the usual charm, but deeply uncertain, like, not…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Not sure which way to jump or what to say next, so it's just kind of hanging there.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Poised.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Almost frozen-in-time balance between the act of doing something and the act of not doing something.
Kate Sackton: 18 is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On a border between things that are making her more comfortable and things that are making her less.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: She's… Familiar with this sort of party scene, the music, the… the nice homes.
Kate Sackton: But she's in her traveling clothes, she's… she's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Used to being ready to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The start of this day was about a quest, not about going to a party. I mean, yes, her blonde hair is…
Kate Sackton: Nicely drilling. Her armor is very clean and, you know, sparkly and in good shape, but… She's doing…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The party scene in the traveler's garb.
Kate Sackton: And…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: She's… Learning things about this.
Kate Sackton: situation that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know.
Kate Sackton: One, make her nervous, like, when the bell chimes, somebody's gonna get sent out and possibly end up headless.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On the other hand… She's been worried from the get-go about this treaty, and what if it was something…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That she morally judged…
Kate Sackton: Should be in place, and would be in a quandary if she had to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Try to make it stop, but…
Kate Sackton: having had the story from the Rakshasa, she's sort of feeling relieved that she can get behind.
Kate Sackton: Getting this treaty.
Kate Sackton: Waived, or however they'll end up engineering it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: so she's feeling…
Kate Sackton: Still on her guard, but,
Kate Sackton: like, things are a little bit going their way, because they've got some more information. She's staying with her people so that she feels more comfortable, because these are the companions that she's fought with, and…
Kate Sackton: Quested with, and… Not… not losing sight of them.
Kate Sackton: Partly so that she knows that the next time the bell tolls, one of them won't disappear, and partly…
Kate Sackton: Because… You know, it's just a wise thing to do, so… She's…
Kate Sackton: Feeling like she's… she's getting a little bit of her ground, as much as one can in a place that
Kate Sackton: Suddenly turned sideways.
David S. Kong: So, I apologize, because I feel like I missed a bit of the end of the recap. George, can you say one more time, like, where exactly we all are right now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the… the sort of adjacent rooms are… there's this outside, covered, enclosed porch that you were chatting with the Rakshasa on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's immediately adjacent to a room that sort of got the bar and where the food was set up and very picked over now. The two halflings are behind the bar, helping themselves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That room opens to the ballroom and opens to the library. So the ballroom's that great big space with the Lord at the far end, and the library's where the sleeping human is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then there's more spaces, but these are…
David S. Kong: Where are we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Y- you tell me. So…
David S. Kong: Are we all together as a group right now, or are we all potentially not?
Kate Sackton: I've been trying to… because we were on the porch talking to Rakshasa, and we heard…
David S. Kong: We're almost there?
Mike Sackton: I don't think, Tarek was there. Tarek was falling down sideways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tara got there at the very end, though, because they got the keys from him.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right, I returned at the end.
David S. Kong: So has Kato been with you all this, through the group the whole time, or was Kato doing something else?
Tim Sackton: Hato was playing… Hato was playing with the band for a little bit, or at least talking to the band, and then…
David S. Kong: I remember that part.
Tim Sackton: And then, I don't know…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: like…
David S. Kong: They were like, don't play, and then… No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah. Okay. But I'm… I think it's just fine if Kato sort of made his way onto the porch at the tail end of the Rakshasa conversation, or if you're still outside, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could be wandering into the ballroom.
David S. Kong: Okay. Is there any… are there any other people around any place, like, other than… other than, like, any… any other folks other than the halflings and the sleeping man?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Things and sleeping guy are the only other mortals that you're aware of at the party,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it's not that you can't talk to any of the random fae, because, you know, there's dozens of these little clusters of people, but, like, there's a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know that feeling you get when you see someone, like, walking with purpose, and you're like, okay, I'm not gonna interrupt them, like, they're clearly going somewhere. It's not that all the other guests are walking with purpose like that, but, like, there's that feeling to it, like, they… they're about their own…
David S. Kong: He sort of has, like, this, you know, he likes to entertain, you know what I mean? So he's always kind of, like, looking for that, you know? Like, he loves parties, because he wants to entertain. So he's kind of like… like, during this period, would there have been a group that had looked, like, potentially, like, open to, you know, being entertained? Or was he, like, you know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think it's actually extremely frustrating for him, because…
David S. Kong: Damn!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's that vibe, like, as the party's winding down, when, like, everyone's sort of looking for the exit, or like, where are my keys? Or, like, what is the excuse that I can use?
David S. Kong: Kato knows the parties extremely well.
David S. Kong: And… but there's always the group, and it's kind of like the halflings, but perhaps others, that are desperately wanting the party to continue, and are, like, trying to, like, like, what the fuck, the party's ending? Like, how could the party be ending? Like, there's always the group that's, like… so he's trying to find those people.
David S. Kong: to entertain them. So is there such a group that's, like, near the house or whatever that's, like, you know?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so. I think what I would say is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe that's what you've been about, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the last 10 or 15 minutes. Okay. And there's a way, though, that it's… I think it's still unsatisfying, because, like, for those… it's like trying to push a boulder uphill. Like, there's not… the momentum is… it's, like, demoralizing, almost, in a certain way, too. Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know that the… the tide has already turned,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… and those people are… I don't know, they're…
David S. Kong: Okay, I'll roll with this. Like, I think, yeah, Kato's spent, like, some time, you know, trying to engage some of the guests, but then is sort of feeling like, you know, maybe this isn't quite the right vibe, and then makes his way back over to the house, because he sees, you know, so… I'm just gonna say, also, since I actually genuinely missed the conversation with the Rakshasa, is that right?
David S. Kong: Kato missed that whole conversation, so he actually does not know what happened.
David S. Kong: Because I actually do not know, I could not totally… I was totally, like, I was, like, getting luggage out of a car and stuff, I guess I actually missed what you guys were talking about, so I'm just gonna roll with that, but I actually don't know what happened, which is true. And then, and then, yeah, Kato basically, like, kinda strolls up to the house.
David S. Kong: And it's just, like, man, you know, the ends of parties are awesome, because he's, like, he loves finding the people that don't want the party to end. But somehow, this is, like, kinda a little different, and it's, like, not… not… you know, he's just, like, a little disappointed that this is not quite…
David S. Kong: What he thought I was gonna be.
David S. Kong: So, you know, he's got, you know, he plays a couple of, like, really interesting, like, elvish,
David S. Kong: instruments, and, you know, he kind of tucks those away, and he's got one on his back, though, like, kind of tied to his back, his stringed instrument, and then, you know.
David S. Kong: As always, has his, you know, big red, tall and red robe, and… His hair is,
David S. Kong: Out and down, you know, goldish and silverish hair and…
David S. Kong: you know, slowly making his way up the stairs and just looking around still, like, trying to find, like, is there any, like, good vibe in this place at all that he can kind of, you know, connect with? And then, like, you know, reluctantly sees the, the group, and makes his way over.
David S. Kong: And he just sees everybody, he's like, so, what have you guys all been up to?
David S. Kong: This party kinda sucks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like Kato wants to find that group of people that's still dancing, even though the music has stopped.
David S. Kong: Yeah, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they were, like, dancing, but they were actually asleep.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, it just didn't work out, but… are you,
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kato goes up to Tarek, because, you know, this is all… they've been doing this a lot.
David S. Kong: Get anything good?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know, man, did you… did you notice when things went sideways?
David S. Kong: Yeah, the part of this whole thing has been sideways, like… There's no vibe here, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I mean, like, I almost fell out a window.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I mean?
David S. Kong: Yeah, you fault, but that happens all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, like, I had to, like… I was, like, climbing on the curtains.
David S. Kong: Why else is this unusual about anything? I don't feel great. We often try to climb curtains.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be perfectly honest, something weird happened. I did get some interesting stuff. I went up to the.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Some very nice bedrooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I could have carried them, that thread count, mmm… the sheets I.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I keep my first inquiry as soon as I saw you. What'd you get?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, you know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I got.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got some… I got some, some items.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Items, yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Plural?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't even know, man.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This is… okay?
David S. Kong: We'll insure later.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No problem, no pressure.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We gotta stay focused on the question.
Eric Rosenbaum: A weird answer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Which is.
Eric Rosenbaum: What again?
David S. Kong: Which is what? Kato kind of goes over to the larger group now, and so what have you all been doing? Anybody learned anything interesting?
Mike Sackton: So wait, is…
Mike Sackton: Is Edric, like, in the middle of being summoned back to the Lord? Like, I got the impression the Lord was, like, beckoning him to come at the moment the game was starting.
Mike Sackton: Right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think let's rec… just sort of for the sake of starting the party together, let's say that the Lord catches your eye and gives you a little
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): head-up nod, you know? That you take to mean come over and see me shortly, but not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In this very instant, before you do anything else.
David S. Kong: So what'd you all learn? What's going on?
David S. Kong: Anybody? What's the… does everybody think the party's as bad as I think it is? Like, are we… should we get out of here? What's… what's the…
Kate Sackton: Well, it's better to leave voluntarily than be one of the souls who's forced to leave when the clock chimes.
Kate Sackton: those headlines.
David S. Kong: neat.
Kate Sackton: Those headless people on the road were sent from this party to a party down the road, and…
Kate Sackton: somehow end up…
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know that's the same group of people?
Mike Sackton: We don't know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you get your head taken off if you try to leave without being summoned to the party.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, somebody back up to the bell and heads disappearing? What are y'all talking about? What happens… what makes heads disappear?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, no.
Kate Sackton: I honestly know what makes heads disappear.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, Edric knows.
David S. Kong: I like my head. Edric, can you, educate us? What's the… how do I keep my head?
Mike Sackton: Don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, he's… he smashes.
Mike Sackton: smashed with a sword or an axe, I mean…
David S. Kong: Yeah, but what's that have to do with the bell ringing?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the bow sounded quite odd, I don't know quite how to describe it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, actually, come, you also heard the bell.
David S. Kong: Oh, I heard the bell, okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's a grandfather's clock chiming zero, so… Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But that for a minute.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Yeah.
David S. Kong: So if somebody's losing their head now? Is that the bell?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow, they're…
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna briefly check in with the owl.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think by this point, the person is just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sort of left the gate and is headed down the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Char was kind of leaning against the…
Tim Sackton: One of these pillars on the porch.
Tim Sackton: And his eyes go sort of blank, because I want to keep following my familiar, because…
Tim Sackton: For now, I'm cracking. At some point, I'll go out of range, just decide when he goes out of range, it's up to you, but…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: For now, I'm just watching…
Tim Sackton: The person go down the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Perfect.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, he's going down the road back towards the Skelton House.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No. Otherwise.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I will say, I can speak while I'm watching the Miller, I will say.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: dope.
Tim Sackton: Was it a man, a woman, a human, another species?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it was a human woman in her mid-30s.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The… the woman who left…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: She's not going towards the way we came, she's going the other direction down the road.
Tim Sackton: Nice.
David S. Kong: Consuminate.
Tim Sackton: They assumed the guards didn't stop her.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Here's what we know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We know that the Lord of this house.
Kate Sackton: Is required when the clock chimes zero.
Kate Sackton: Choose a mortal from the guests at his party and send them down the road to his neighbor's house.
David S. Kong: Who's in the neighborhood?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Creepy person that he's made a pact with.
Kate Sackton: We are… we think is the pact we're supposed to break.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And we think the pact we're supposed to break is this promise to send mortals to the neighbor's house.
David S. Kong: Why does the neighbor want mortals?
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But the only mortals that we've seen outside of this house…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Have been infected with the bad smell the guards are afraid of, tried to run, in some order, have tried to run toward the root house, have been infected with the bad smell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And have lost their heads. In some order.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So… I don't…
Kate Sackton: Want to be one of those portals.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I don't think any of us do… do we know what the nature is of this agreement? Why they're sending mortals down the road? For… in exchange for what? For what purpose?
David S. Kong: Anybody know?
Kate Sackton: if…
Mike Sackton: inscrutable thing, mystery.
Tim Sackton: the…
David S. Kong: inscrutable what?
Mike Sackton: Bay mystery.
Tim Sackton: the… the neighbors… They won some sort of contest.
Tim Sackton: This… this used to be… the realm of Lord Rebel.
Tim Sackton: And the party was always beginning.
Tim Sackton: But somehow… They were able to turn him.
Tim Sackton: into Lord Endlessly Ending.
Tim Sackton: And as part of that, somehow forced him to do what they say.
David S. Kong: Wait, so Lord Revel is Lord Endlessly Endling?
Mike Sackton: Whereas?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Just older, or different, or…
Mike Sackton: Curse?
Tim Sackton: friend.
Tim Sackton: burst.
Tim Sackton: transformed.
David S. Kong: That's kinda cool. Is this, like, a schizophrenia thing? Or, like, a multiple personality kind of thing?
Mike Sackton: No, I think it's an external thing.
David S. Kong: You know, I used to… I used to… one of my favorite songs I used to sing was about…
David S. Kong: A king who had two heads? Have you all heard me perform that one? The two-headed king?
Mike Sackton: yet.
David S. Kong: one head through… I mean, this is not… I mean, one head in the morning, one head in the night, you know, that king?
Mike Sackton: We're familiar.
David S. Kong: The nighttime king was not nice, violent, the Morning King was, like, the generous, happy one, and everybody always…
David S. Kong: Anyways… It's a famous Elvish song, but it's okay, alright, maybe even, very good.
David S. Kong: But, so we, we don't know anything about the neighbors?
Mike Sackton: Clevering up the trick of Faye in his own home.
David S. Kong: Flavors are also fame, they must be.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The Rakasa said something about a wizard.
David S. Kong: Oh, the neighbor's a wizard?
Mike Sackton: I don't know what I'm talking about here. I only remember half of the words people tell me.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, unreliable. Anybody else with any recollection?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The neighbor's the wizard?
David S. Kong: Chara?
Tim Sackton: I don't…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: think we…
Tim Sackton: No.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Then who's the wizard?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know I don't like what.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, the neighbor was the wizard, but does that mean they're not fey?
David S. Kong: Oh…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So the bargain is between…
David S. Kong: The lord of this manor and a wizard that lives down the road.
Tim Sackton: That's… I believe that is correct.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do they, eat?
Eric Rosenbaum: Mortals?
Eric Rosenbaum: One time, I heard that, but they might have just… that might have been not true.
Tim Sackton: Not that I've ever heard, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I'm saying?
Mike Sackton: Wait a minute.
Tim Sackton: kind of shrugs.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: fixes.
Kate Sackton: Every kind of fake.
Mike Sackton: Ajax says, well, wizards are pretty bad.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That, they, I mean… I'm not so worried about the bay, but this… Magic.
Mike Sackton: Wizardly magic, very suspicious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aw, man, Wizardly Magic's great.
Mike Sackton: Nothing good ever comes of it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: All kinds of fun things.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, Tarek, your definition of fun and Edric's definition of good don't really overlap.
Mike Sackton: Straddying magic is so dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Boom.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They're all… yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, Edge's probably been on this rant before, about how, like, wizards are not safe, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's, you know… There's too many… there's too many moving parts here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got hired by a guy, and then there's this other guy that's come along with us, and there's, like, elves in the mix somehow, and Fae, and a wizard.
David S. Kong: Other… other elves? Other… not me. Not me.
Mike Sackton: all the way, right, they're probably elf somewhere.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait, are you just saying that, or is there…
Eric Rosenbaum: Always elves in the mix.
David S. Kong: I mean, yeah, but… Tarek, Tarek, just, like, wait, are there actual elves here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think…
Eric Rosenbaum: in Halda's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This is perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not that we've seen, but in Halda's story about the contract, wasn't given to him by an elf?
Tim Sackton: It was.
David S. Kong: Oh, that helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about.
Mike Sackton: I just thought maybe there was an alphabet to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm only making stuff up when I'm making stuff up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, it's a good point, it's a good point.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Shorts, there are no elves at the point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): None that you've seen this.
Mike Sackton: NHS has an 8 intelligent.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait, the lord is the guy over there? Like, yonder, down there?
Tim Sackton: Bargain.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: the ending.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I picked…
Mike Sackton: Edric kind of ice him through the… like, Edric stepped back through the ballroom door when he saw, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek, and we saw Kato.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait.
Mike Sackton: Kato, Kate, what's your… I forget your name.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kato, Kato Mendo.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: When he saw K.O. come out, like, he stepped back, like, retreating a little bit from the bay, but, like, he's still looking over his shoulder, like, I think he wanted to talk to him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Any update on the person?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They are continuing down the road dwindling…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Can I see how far away the house is?
Tim Sackton: Can I even see the next test down the road?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What can you see?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll say for the sake of the story that you can follow this person.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: maybe a mile or so, and then you can see… I'm not automatically guaranteeing that that's the range of your.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I guess, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, and then probably can see another mile or so. What you notice is that off the left side of the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which continues to wind up over these hills.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A couple of miles down, the ground starts to fall away on the left-hand side, and it's almost like there's this promontory that… that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, is a rise in the land, and starts to come up to a point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, at that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): point. It is a little too… and I guess the left would be the west side of the road, which runs…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to the north, if there were cardinal directions. So you can kind of see the promontory a little bit silhouetted against the sunset, but you can't see any details of what's on it. But that's almost certainly where this person's headed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe 4 miles, 5 miles, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I will tell the owl to… if I'm presumably losing
Tim Sackton: the range to see through its eyes, I will still tell it telepathically to follow the person to the house.
Tim Sackton: Don't go inside the house.
Tim Sackton: See what happens.
Tim Sackton: And come back.
David S. Kong: I missed it. What happened?
David S. Kong: Robin?
Tim Sackton: My familiar is following the human woman who… Was sent to the neighbors.
David S. Kong: Because if you go right, you go to where we came from, and if you go left, it's the neighbors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, so imagine the road… imagine the road sort of goes north-south, and this house, you… you left from the south, headed north. This house you're currently in was on the right-hand side of the road, to the east, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's following this woman heading… continuing north, and then going to the… wait, to the left-hand side of the road. Yep, to the west.
David S. Kong: So it's like a- it's like this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes. Okay.
David S. Kong: Should we go talk to the Lord?
Kate Sackton: He seems to at least want to talk to Edric.
Tim Sackton: I think… I think we're supposed to, but…
Tim Sackton: I think it might also be useful, if we can, to…
Tim Sackton: Ask the guards again, and see if we can…
Tim Sackton: Establish that… so is it true that the people who.
Tim Sackton: Come from down the road are the only ones who smell.
Tim Sackton: That was Aveen's theory, but I don't think we have direct evidence of that. I'm not sure what use that will do if we learn that, but…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like…
Tim Sackton: Is the… is the neighbor making people smell bad?
Mike Sackton: The guards kind of implied, like, we've seen that there's multiple houses here, right? Didn't you say that there was, like, a…
Kate Sackton: Dozen, dozen.
Mike Sackton: doesn't, doesn't matter. Was that just what somebody said?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They definitely called it that the Twilight Kingdoms had a dozen dozen houses, but whether that's literal or metaphorical was not clear.
Mike Sackton: But it's not… we haven't… we didn't…
Mike Sackton: see other houses. Like, it's not like there was… I got the impression there was, like, twinkling lights of other houses somewhere, but I might have imagined that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, you're exactly right, over the hills, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's plausible that there's a dozen dozen houses scattered in this area.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We're under the impression that they're very far spread out.
Kate Sackton: Not highly visible from here, but except as perhaps just points of white of undefined importance.
David S. Kong: Should we go talk to the Lord?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Should we… tell him about…
Tim Sackton: the contract?
Kate Sackton: Do any of us have a gift?
David S. Kong: Mmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, Turk does… Turk's got… Turk's got stuff now.
Tim Sackton: Oh, don't give him a gift from his pool.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, no, don't.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, well…
David S. Kong: What if it's one of those things where he forgot about it, and now he'll be excited to see it again?
Tim Sackton: Too risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I do have that other thing. Well, we'll see.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Let's just say… In the contingency.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have something very valuable.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I have an idea, but… None of you…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: None of you have illusion magic, do you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I was like… Like, a little… like, his fingertips have a little bit of flame on them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: it's such…
Tim Sackton: But can you, like, actually create an image?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Jaw.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Good question.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you… like, you don't have minor illusion or something like that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I can create colored light Colored fire.
Tim Sackton: No… It's not that useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what do you got in mind, Charles? We can just spit it out. We can probably fake it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well, I can… Make different bird calls.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I thought maybe.
Tim Sackton: Sound portrait with some moving images would tempt.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: him, but… Maybe I'll try just sound.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They don't seem to have any…
Tim Sackton: Animals here that I've noticed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So maybe he would find such a thing unusual.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He turned down the music just like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Do you think I should try to… I should just…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Split, and then, while you're talking to him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: See if I can sneak up and… You know…
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: I have my photographer's tools, are any of us good at drawing birds?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We gotta talk to this guy first before we figure out how to… You know…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Give him a gifts that he would want.
Kate Sackton: Well, if he's just calling us over to demand a gift, we'll have to figure it out sooner rather than later, but if he's calling us over for some other reason and doesn't bring it up, let's not bring it up ourselves.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But I think that your question about whether we should mention our.
Kate Sackton: Cask is… I mean, he's already met…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: are charming.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: boss.
Kate Sackton: For the job.
Mike Sackton: Make the face of that term.
David S. Kong: You know, I feel like, in this type of situation… What's that?
Kate Sackton: Do you prefer the term client to boss?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: F that guy.
Mike Sackton: I think you kind of betrayed us.
Mike Sackton: I prefer that.
David S. Kong: Totally.
Mike Sackton: Get out of here, I don't therapy succeeds.
David S. Kong: Yeah, oh no, this is… I mean, this is definitely a breach of contract situation, if I've ever seen one.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Richard's, you know, just… It's an integrity thing. It's an integrity thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Anyways, I mean, I think… I think we go and learn more. Let's just go talk to them and see what happens. I mean, you know, we got… because, like, this is the thing. Gifts are relative. Treasure trash, right? You never know what people want.
David S. Kong: You know, so it's just somebody's somebody else's gift is somebody else's trash, somebody else's trash is somebody else's treasure, so…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think we gotta… we gotta go chat with him and see…
David S. Kong: What he considers to be a game.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: If we can… the only reason I'm interested in finishing this task is because if we can go to that door in that house and telepathically message him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Have we finished it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or he gets some other signal when
Audio shared by David S. Kong: that's… has happened, and he opens the door and lets us back out of here. That's our surest way back to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Otherwise, we'll have to look for some other exit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, I hear all that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But let's go talk to the Lord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Turn the music down just a little.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes, sorry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Lord?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Endless…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ending.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: If standing in the doorway between the inside of this ballroom and the outside of the porch, tall?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe almost 7 feet and elegant, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with, sort of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Graceful posture that makes you think of a dancer. Gray at the temples.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With a curiously unexpressive face, out of the corner of your eye, you can see expressions, never when you look directly at him, but as you're looking away, you can catch looks like a smile, or grimace, or, you know, all sorts of different emotions, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whenever he looked directly at him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: those.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Aren't there, and he's just wearing this perfect poker face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): His hair is long and pulled back, hanging down behind his neck. He's wearing…
David S. Kong: Dance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: dress, of velvet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Coat with them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In a pale blue that fades to a dark blue, at the… excuse me, dark blue at the top that fades to pale blue at the bottom, sort of like the night sky itself.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With bits of lace coming out at the cuffs from the shirt that he's wearing underneath it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He has a cane, a simple black cane with a silver polished head that he leans on at the same time as he leans against the doorway behind him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: His eyes…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: move over the party, you can see that he's watching the whole of it. He's… he's watching it…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Come apart, this thing that he tried to make.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And you can see his eye linger first in one place, then another. As he crossed the ballroom to get to him, from the wide patio on the wide wall of the ballroom, where the doors open out,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You hear a smattering of applause as the players finish a song, and their leader calls out, one more, just one more after this, and then we'll finish.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And make your way over to Lord Endless. He's attended by a, humanoid,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Badger the size of a halfling?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fancy dress.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: who just so clearly gives off the aura of Butler, despite being a badger in human clothes. You clearly get that sense that here's the person who's running the household for the
Audio shared by David S. Kong: For excited, I cast, Detect Thoughts on the Badger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm also, as we're walking over, I'm gonna actually cast my…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: say my prayer to… to the Night Queen, and cast protection from…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: get an evolved the way out there.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Rich nature.
David S. Kong: Sorry, it's,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I can read, re-read thoughts.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what is most on the target's mind right now. If the target doesn't know any language and isn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): telepathic, you don't learn anything, but this.
David S. Kong: Badger clear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): really…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: knows things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The overwhelming sense that you get is anxiety.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Badger is standing here next to the Lord, because that is absolutely what is required in this moment, and he cannot go off and clean the shattered glass that he knows is on the floor of the place next door. And when his eye looks around, and he sees, like, the wine stains on the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The parquet floor of the dance floor in the ballroom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, he is so deeply uncomfortable, because he knows the work that it's gonna take to clean that out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And in the meantime, the… the hedgehog that he was hitting on all night has already left, and she's definitely not staying, and that's not ideal either, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's just, like, an overwhelming, just, like, list of all of the things that he really needs to be doing right now to take care of the household, but no, he has to sit here and wait for his boss to tell him what to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is…
Eric Rosenbaum: Does he have keys on him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not that you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any…
David S. Kong: There we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David S. Kong: Keys. They always have keys.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean…
David S. Kong: They're always at peace.
David S. Kong: We'll get him.
David S. Kong: Alright, we walk on up.
David S. Kong: Kato will, lead with a, with a, with a deep and sincere bow, to the Lord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The, the Badger, sorry, did I say it was a hedgehog or a Badger? I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In any case, he's Badger now. The, the Badger, addresses each of you and says, allow me to present, my lord of the manor, the endlessly ending
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And who may I present to him?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And presumably, you all sort of go through the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Motions of introductions.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And the, the Lord still hasn't said anything, the badger says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And.
David S. Kong: It's good about single life cycle.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What have you brought?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You are new here?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Newly arrived.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Your gift?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Bye. Oh, god, we're gonna… Char will… will sort of… step forward, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sort of slightly awkwardly give a ba- like, a brief bow.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's probably, I don't know, 4 times… I don't know, the badger is…
Tim Sackton: Like, a normal badger… like, human-sized, or normal badger-sized?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Halfling sized.
Tim Sackton: Halfling-sized, okay, so… Charles, like, twice as tall as the badger, sort of looks down on him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… hell…
Tim Sackton: Take this, sort of, this wand out of his,
Tim Sackton: couch, or bowed at the side, and as he's sort of bowing, he'll give a flourish, and the haunting, sort of eerie call of a loon starts echoing.
Tim Sackton: Around… the ballroom.
Tim Sackton: And Char will sort of start talking as the loon echoes, like, kind of looking back at the bars, like, maybe one of you can, like, pinching, like, I don't want to keep talking for very much longer.
Tim Sackton: about, and I'll be describing, like, the eerie.
Tim Sackton: Sound of the loon is,
Tim Sackton: it's A trying to, like, find some sort of poetic word to describe it and failing.
Tim Sackton: Neat sound that is… Not one that maybe you have ever heard before.
Tim Sackton: and I gift you this experience of the…
Kate Sackton: Of the wild work from whence you come.
Tim Sackton: Yes, thank you, of the wilds of my home.
Tim Sackton: The rivers of the mortal world, where, you know, the loon calls again. This eerie…
Tim Sackton: Haunting sound echoes in our mornings in the summer.
Tim Sackton: I notice you have…
Tim Sackton: Skew!
Tim Sackton: Animals here, and… Perhaps the… Cause of these creatures are not known to you.
Tim Sackton: And then it'll just sort of awkwardly stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He speaks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ghostly call floats on the chilly air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A wild and sorrowed laugh that haunts the night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It speaks of ancient grief and hidden care before it fades into the morning light.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Mike Sackton: I think, kind of… Sorry, go ahead.
David S. Kong: Sorry, can you say the poem one more time?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ghostly call floats on the chilly air, a wild and sorrowed laugh that haunts the night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It speaks of ancient grief and hidden care before it fades into the morning light.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of the Loon song, presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wonderful.
Mike Sackton: Does he look like he's expecting us all to present gifts?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You sense he's at least giving a moment in case anyone else is planning to.
Mike Sackton: Are you caught? Go ahead if you want.
David S. Kong: No, no, just… Ken is, like, you know, giving you space to go, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Ag, add, add…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I really like, like, that momentary awkwardness of you guys, like, in front of, like, a…
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a tipping situation, or…
David S. Kong: In Kato's mind, he's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, I'm gonna go last and finish strong. In his mind.
Kate Sackton: Like, we could maybe make an argument for one from the five of us, but, like, four from the five of us is gonna be awkward?
Mike Sackton: Edric takes out a small vial, like, nicely made glass, like.
Mike Sackton: bound with silver, that's just… looks like just water.
Mike Sackton: But it's, like, it's like a decent… Decently nice-looking bio.
Mike Sackton: And he kind of… he kind of looks at it for a minute, like he's… like he's hesitant to actually…
Mike Sackton: hand it over.
Mike Sackton: But then he kind of looks around, and he says, sort of awkwardly, is Christmas 8? He's not good at this. He sounds awkward, but sincere. I…
Mike Sackton: I don't… Rightly know what a…
Mike Sackton: Person such as yourself would… would value.
Mike Sackton: I can only give you what I value, Which is… water, West.
Mike Sackton: by… the night clean.
Mike Sackton: my… Patron and guide and savior.
Mike Sackton: it's… I've carried it for some time.
Mike Sackton: Can send the dead back to the ground.
Mike Sackton: It kind of rumbles a little bit more, but maybe you could do that already, or don't care about that, or maybe there are no dead here.
Mike Sackton: I don't even know if the…
David S. Kong: Kato kind of, like, Kato kind of, like, slides in, and it's like.
Tim Sackton: Hold on, before Kato slides in, while Eldrick's talking,
Tim Sackton: Charo's gonna just kind of drift back towards Kato, and…
Tim Sackton: like, touch his shoulder and mutter, like, a few… a few words of guidance and cast guidance on him, giving him a 1d4 bonus to…
Tim Sackton: any… Persuasion checks for the next minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
David S. Kong: Kato slides over, like, as the fumbling is unfolding, and everybody's watch…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's gonna… seeing you do that, he's gonna pause you. But actually, Mike, can you give me a persuasion roll? I know you're not trying to persuade him exactly, but I… I love this just as a proxy for, like, how poorly does this go?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sorry, one second.
Mike Sackton: Persuasion is… Minus 1…
Mike Sackton: But I rolled at 18, so I was 17.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): guidance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right?
Tim Sackton: No, God is designed.
Mike Sackton: Decato. Kato.
Tim Sackton: Got it, got nine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the, Lord Ending says, you strive to find a token, true and grand, to show the quiet depths of what you feel, but choices twist and fall within your hand, and clumsy doubts disrupt your earnest zeal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still, I take this gift, though strange it may appear, a simple flask of water made divine. I hold this sacred blessing deep and dear, and pray its holy grace will match with thine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then he… Raises his hand to you next, yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hato, like, bows deeply again, and, like, it's like, you know, cause his, the, his, the, the elvish instrument, the.
David S. Kong: You know, the string different instrument on his… it's on his back, but he, like, bends over with a flourish, and then suddenly, like, the instrument appears in both of his hands, like, just, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Magic trick. Shh.
David S. Kong: And also, weirdly, there's now a spotlight on him. Like, he's like, you're not sure exactly how the spotlight appeared. I mean, Tarek.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This is… this is so standard, but it's just, like, it's like, all of a sudden there's a spotlight, and it's, like, it's, like, kind of dark behind and around him, but he is, like, like, lit, just, like, perfect lighting.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And…
David S. Kong: you know, there's, like, and there's even, like, a little… it's like, there's, like, a fog machine, except there's not. There's, like, a little fog smoke machine, like, nearby, and Kato is just, like, like, so, so, like, ugh, this is, this is my time, this is my time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see, out of the corner of your eye, you see a grin flash across in one corner of his mouth, and it's gone.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Interesting. And then, you know, with the flourish, like, just, you know, like, you can see, just, Kato's feeling it, you know, he's like, he's feeling it. And he gets into, into his,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he's playing the instrument, and it's just… it's…
David S. Kong: It's like a… it's kind of just, like, the perfect level of, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I wanna show off, like.
David S. Kong: how good I am at, like, doing, like, a really cool solo, but not too showy. Like, not too showy. It's actually, like, like, you can feel it, like, right on the edge of it being annoying, you know what I mean? Like, how showy it is, but it's like, he's just riding that line so well that you're kind of like, okay, I like this, like, I'm still, I'm still into this.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then… Kato…
David S. Kong: Proceeds to sing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… He, he says, I'm gonna…
David S. Kong: So he, he sings, he sings…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But he's been listening very carefully to the, the, the poetic, I'm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Verses that the Lord has been saying in response, And he says, you know… Lord Twilight, never-ending.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The song, the music, always sending, connecting to our hearts, Lifting our spirits.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So that all the divine and the mortals can hear it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We feel it with our breath in our mouths and our hearts. The truest art.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Lighting up the darkest dark.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: May be fine forever.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The joy in the music.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: All of us together.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The Lord sees us through it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then, you know.
David S. Kong: I was, like, deeply…
Eric Rosenbaum: gunning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He replies back, Your cords recall a time when paths were wide.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And twilight hours held a grand decree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We chased the wind with laughter as our guide convinced the world was ours to shape and see.
David S. Kong: Kato's, like, genuinely like, this guy is fucking cool.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I like this guy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In the back of his mind, he's like.
David S. Kong: I wonder how much he… how much… I wonder how much he pays.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You could see his body visibly shift into aristocratic hobnobbing mode.
Eric Rosenbaum: The way that he likes to pretend to be more than he is.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With a flourish of his open hands, he says, My Lord, if I may, and gestures to approach him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Moving closer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He spreads his hands wide in invitation.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in a fluid gesture almost too quick to see, with empty hands, he reaches toward.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose, significantly upward, the center of the chest of the Lord, and from, as he's doing so, he says.
Eric Rosenbaum: My gift to you is to take something away.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This tiny fragment.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: of death.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you see, In his fingers, it's as though he has plucked.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: From the chest of the Lord, A tiny mouse skull.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then… With a puff of air, makes it vanish into thin air.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Gives a little bow and steps back.
David S. Kong: And there's, like, a musical accompaniment, like, with the… at the engine.
David S. Kong: We have…
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, Cato knows to play the cue at the right moment.
David S. Kong: This, this is, this is just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When a couple of the guests standing 10 or 15 feet away give a few claps until noticing they're the only ones, they stop and pretend to be doing something else, and Lord Ending replies, you spin a web of lies with practiced grace and think I fall into your clever snare.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I wear a mask upon my smiling face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And act as though I am completely bare.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I didn't like that one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, he'll look over to you and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Raise an eyebrow in invitation, but not automatically.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: XPIC.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think he's been… You get the sense that he's amused… so far.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But looks to you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: if you…
Kate Sackton: Will pull out from her calligrapher's case, something that not even her friends have gotten a close look at, which is a sheet of, sheet music
Kate Sackton: intricately decorated around all the borders with art reflecting the moon, because of course it is Aveen's, composition on, the moonrise. And she says,
Kate Sackton: in this place, On the edge of night.
Kate Sackton: I offer you my song of the moonrise, and I hand over the, like, beautiful sheet of paper and play a few bars of the introductory chords on my lute.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He looks deeply at the page and listens intently and nods to himself. The graceful ink begins to curve and flow. Across the page in loops of darkest night, each sweeping letter seems to catch the glow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of climbing stars and shifting moonrise light.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's lovely, I've never seen a moonrise.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But now I've heard that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He gestures up to the empty sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welcome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welcome to my home, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Regret you're here only as the party is coming to an end, that you couldn't have been here earlier.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seen the performers. Joined in the revelry then, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though despair may hover in the corner, still there is time… yet. And this party's not yet done.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welcome to my home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not often… That I entertain… mortals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not often that I have the chance to greet mortals. More often, it's my own folk, who I have the pleasure of receiving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, indeed, it is a great…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great gift to welcome you this evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In these small kingdoms, Not everyone passing through even makes their way to this home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though often they're drawn by the light and the music.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What brings you here this evening?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In this hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's gonna tell him?
Tim Sackton: Charo kind of looks around, and… well…
Tim Sackton: sort of step forward, and I think…
Tim Sackton: Sometimes when there is less charming or…
Tim Sackton: persuasion to be done in more serious business, Charo often kind of takes the lead a little bit, and will sort of say.
Tim Sackton: well… To be honest, we are…
Tim Sackton: We are kind of stuck in this realm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wee…
Tim Sackton: Came through a door that closed behind us, and…
Tim Sackton: We don't know how to get out.
Tim Sackton: And you're… House was light and welcoming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're not the first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To come here with just… such a problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And indeed, there is a way back home again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not in this house, but in the house of my nearest neighbors just up the road. There is such a door to bring you back to your own home.
Tim Sackton: which direction?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The setting sun to your left.
Tim Sackton: So this would be… The direction the woman was walking, or the other direction?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The direction the woman was walking. Okay. Yep. North.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That… that…
Tim Sackton: That woman who left earlier?
Tim Sackton: She was going there?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Precisely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you see out of the corner of your eye, his eyes flick over to look at the grandfather clock on the far side of the room.
Mike Sackton: Time is on the clock. Does it have hands? Are they pointing to anything?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What a fascinating question. Let's pause the conversation to talk about this clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David S. Kong: Question?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The grandfather clock.
Kate Sackton: What does the clock look like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is… immense. It is, easily six and a half or seven feet tall, solid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): old, well-joined masterwork. There are… there is one dial,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are a number of things going on in the face of the clock.
David S. Kong: One of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is the dial. The dial…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even though it's a circle, and it seems to be in the format of, like, the…
David S. Kong: The number at the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): top and the sides and the bottom is a little bit larger. It is not a 12- or a 24-hour face. From this distance, all you can see is that each of the dial positions has 4 digits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there are… Many more than 12 of them.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You'd have to get closer to see it.
David S. Kong: No, no, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then, below it, though.
David S. Kong: You meant to answer it away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is stranger still… is,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are 4 different smaller dials below it, each of which have a hand pointing to numbers too small to be read.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then below each one of those dials, so here's your big dial at the top, and then here's your four ones in a row underneath it, underneath each of those, is what looks like 6 numbers, like a 6-digit number that's below each of those 4 faces.
Mike Sackton: One six-digit number spread out, or six six-digit… four six-digit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Four, yeah, four six-digit numbers, one below each one of the faces.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: and you cannot…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You probably can't really read the numbers from this distance, this clock's probably 20 or 30 feet away, but you can tell that those numbers are changing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Apparently at random. It's not like they're counting up or something successfully. But it's almost like little wheels of numbers, like an odometer on a car, and they're just like, flap, flap-flop-flop-flop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stay the same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then a few minutes later, flap-flop-flop-flop-flop, stay the same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that is the clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is very strange, I love it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, back to Lord Endless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think he's just said that there is an exit up the road, and you all have fallen ominously silent.
Tim Sackton: So, I will ask… so he said there's an excerpt where I was saying.
Tim Sackton: The woman was going there. And… He glances at the clock.
Tim Sackton: And Char will say, char's not great at subtlety, so he's trying to go for, like…
Tim Sackton: a hinting connection, to the clock, like, trying to, like, suddenly lead the conversation that way, but I think now he's sort of on shaky ground, and it comes out as…
Tim Sackton: so, the clock?
Tim Sackton: Something about the clock and her? What was up with that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if his face was blank before, it is utterly blank in response to that.
Tim Sackton: Charles, like, glances over his shoulder at the two bars. It's like, okay, tag team time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, I think what my friend's trying to say is, could you help us just read the clock and tell what time it is? It's an amazing device. Never seen one like that before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The, the badger butler gives a very gentle…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nudge on Lord Ending's leg, and gestures with his chin in the direction of the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): porch where the Rakshasa's sitting, which you can't see from here, because there are several walls in the way, but Lord Ending's head snaps in that direction, as if he is making eye contact with the Rakshasa through the walls.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see from the corner of your eye the slightest slump to his shoulders, as he guesses, maybe, what unfolded, and he says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, sorry, wait, not to interrupt, but just to clarify, we saw… we heard the clock cham something.
Tim Sackton: And then we saw immediately after it chimed that.
Kate Sackton: The Lord of the woman.
Tim Sackton: the word.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's exactly right. You heard it chime zero, and then that is immediately when he called someone over, and it's… I think you're not wrong in putting those things together. You see his shoulder slump an infinitesimally small degree, and he says, with a bit of wistfulness in the voice, so…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You spoke to the Rakshasa, anyways.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think he figured it out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: From the other guests?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The ones that used to be here anyways?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed.
David S. Kong: What's a Rakshasa?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The, Tiger…
David S. Kong: Kato's asking, because nobody told them that anybody spoke to a tiger. He was asking everybody what happened, what happened, nobody was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right.
David S. Kong: I tell you.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: I was like, what's… what's a Rakshasa?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate Sackton: Another guest.
Mike Sackton: Very good question. What is a web, Sasha?
Mike Sackton: Edgek mispronounces it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord Ending sort of looks away,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): covering for the embarrassment that he feels for his guests not knowing this. And instead, his badger butler pipes up and says, the mortal, the, the, the, with the pipe, the tiger, the, the mortal, on the porch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The man who is a tiger.
David S. Kong: Oh, I did not have the pleasure of meeting the Tiger Man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): his… on the porch.
Kate Sackton: On the porch he is!
David S. Kong: on the porch.
David S. Kong: Delightful.
Tim Sackton: Wait, wait, wait, I'm still confused.
Tim Sackton: The clock doesn't tell time.
Tim Sackton: But… it chimes.
Tim Sackton: And something happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Clock tells time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When the clock strikes zero, it is time.
Mike Sackton: For dinner?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To show a guest home again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through the neighbor's house up the road.
Tim Sackton: But we can… we don't have to wait for it to… Chime, do we?
Tim Sackton: Like, if we want to go home now, we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes… I don't…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Do you like the clock?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I dislike very deeply, having been tricked…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): into an agreement I did not intend to make.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I dislike…
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Sorry, who said that? Was that… the Lord said that?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Says, I dislike…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not being the lord of my own domain.
David S. Kong: What agreement? What happened?
Mike Sackton: That sounds horrible.
David S. Kong: Get a little poetry, that'.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What I presume the Rakshasa told you, or some of you, is that at the height of the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When things had really gotten going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, it was a beautiful thing.
David S. Kong: It's like, I wish I could have seen it.
David S. Kong: Like, very genuinely.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The neighbors came.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now, this is not an ideal time to meet one's new neighbors.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh.
David S. Kong: worse.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But that is the time that they chose to come, all of them. Many of them. And the badger just shakes his head, sort of like in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a sort of obsequiousness, like, like, ugh, how, who, how rude, how dare? How rude. Terrible. Muttering under his breath.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They wanted a favor that I didn't want to give, and she tricked me into… Agreeing…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: To send my mortal guests home through that house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That whenever the clock strikes zero, I send one on up the road. And presumably, they get home, because certainly they don't return here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nonetheless, I dislike being… Coerced into doing a thing that I did not choose myself to do.
David S. Kong: Fantastic.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whoa.
Mike Sackton: Your idea's probably better.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Lord Endless Enly, I could not imagine… such a… Such actions of low integrity.
David S. Kong: Furthermore, a question, the mortals that are sent out, do you know if they even return home?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not our business.
David S. Kong: laurement?
David S. Kong: And you were bound by this agreement?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed I am, though dearly I would like not to be.
David S. Kong: What could release you from this agreement?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't that awesome?
David S. Kong: You're going to allow home.
David S. Kong: We'll be sector with the other house?
David S. Kong: Okay, I must have been.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Through certain portents.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And certain signs… I have learned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the center of that house, There is a room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The bargainer, the wizard… called it the 27th room. I think she believed that would be poetic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He says, with the deep sarcasm of someone who has a low opinion of another's poetry, The 27th room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Its walls… Are made of cold iron older than twilight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Love?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a certain glass key.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: that holds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the last light of twilight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have divined that if the key is returned to me and I break it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The bargain will be undone.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And if you were to agree to do such a thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then I would agree to let the bargain go, and the key was returned to me.
David S. Kong: Then where's the key?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: -Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the lock of the 27th room.
David S. Kong: Have you sent anyone there to retrieve it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait, why not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've always believed…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That someone CAN'T go in.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Until the clock chimes zero, although I confess your question has taken me off guard, because perhaps you could.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And when the clock chimes at zero, I am obliged.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: To send a mortal guest through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Curtain.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Caught in a bind that…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Unless one of my guests, as you do, approached me to ask to do such a thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I couldn't task them to do it, because to task them to do it would be to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Forsake the task which I swore to do.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A conundrum.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That weird. So… Idea.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What was that?
Kate Sackton: I'm so glad we approached with the idea, because it does seem unworthy activity.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: One other clarifying question… And also for your Lord's awareness.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The mortals sent down the road?
David S. Kong: Are you aware of… Bodies on the road?
David S. Kong: As well?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I confess I have not left my grounds since the party began.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At Twilight.
David S. Kong: Well, for your Lord's awareness, as we traveled to come to the party.
David S. Kong: We found some pretty gnarly sights. Some… kind of?
David S. Kong: I don't know.
David S. Kong: Decapitated, mutilated bodies, on the road?
David S. Kong: And… Again, we don't know where they came from.
David S. Kong: We… one hypothesis is that
David S. Kong: They came from the party, and never made it to the house in question, and somehow their heads were removed.
David S. Kong: That's one possibility.
David S. Kong: But, we actually don't know.
David S. Kong: And I don't know if that information…
David S. Kong: Disturbs you, raises more questions, answers some questions, but…
David S. Kong: I share with your Lord these facts that we have observed upon entry of your fine manner.
David S. Kong: I'm wrong, Lisa.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am the Lord.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of an endlessly ending party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My domain… And my responsibility to my guests ceases
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the gate, just as it does where the river flows around the bend.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If there are bodies on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What has it to do with me?
David S. Kong: button.
David S. Kong: In my vocal.
David S. Kong: Only in so much as it relates to your agreement.
David S. Kong: In other words, if these were the mortals being released from your house, Going to your neighbor's house.
David S. Kong: And they never made it there to go home.
David S. Kong: I'm just saying, I don't know if that impacts your agreement in any way.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No.
David S. Kong: Fair enough.
Tim Sackton: Where did your guards come from?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The guard's at the gate?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: They belong to the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The dozen dozen houses of the Twilight Kingdom…
David S. Kong: I like them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need to keep the roads safe for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Neighbors and friends to visit with one another.
Tim Sackton: But then why are there dead people on the road?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, presumably because the guards have… kept the roads safe.
Tim Sackton: The dead people were the danger.
David S. Kong: The dead people were what?
Mike Sackton: trouble.
Tim Sackton: Trouble.
David S. Kong: What do you mean they were troubled?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, the guards are worried about people.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Who have the bad smell.
David S. Kong: Oh, the guard stole them.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Possibly the guards, or the guards' colleagues.
David S. Kong: No.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I've killed…
Kate Sackton: People who have a bad smell.
David S. Kong: Yeah, -
Kate Sackton: Possibly it's necessary to remove their heads because of the whole smell.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Kate Sackton: Possibly. It's another active hypothesis.
Kate Sackton: It's not the Lord's business to… to know about the workings of keeping the roads safe.
Kate Sackton: the Lord wants the road to be safe so that
Kate Sackton: Neighbors and friends can come and go.
Kate Sackton: So… Knowing the… other people of the Twilight Kingdoms.
Kate Sackton: We attend the party.
Kate Sackton: is… no.
Kate Sackton: an area of expertise for you as a host, I'm sure.
Kate Sackton: Sir.
Kate Sackton: the… not at all forthcoming neighbor who made this pact with you. Were they immortal?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Indeed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A wizarding wolf.
Tim Sackton: was immortal.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: human… I confess it was a surprise to me as well.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I tried to be polite, and we see what happened from that.
Mike Sackton: What have I been saying about wizards?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I agree with you about wizards.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think we all think the same thing about wizards, am I right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You are. You're off and right, Peter.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's very helpful what you have to find about your situation, and the information you've given us about Okay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: If we choose to go in this direction, is there anything else that you think we should
Audio shared by David S. Kong: be aware of.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I can tell you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But first, you'll need to agree to do it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hey, we could…
Kate Sackton: Private Lizard.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He nuts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And steps out onto the porch with the badger butler.
Kate Sackton: Are we gonna commit to taking this next step, folks?
David S. Kong: Sorry, I missed it, what was the question?
Kate Sackton: Are we gonna agree to go try to break the glass key, or bring the glass key.
David S. Kong: to…
Kate Sackton: Look forward to breaking.
Kate Sackton: It aligns with our original purpose, it's definitely heading into danger.
David S. Kong: I mean, I got…
Eric Rosenbaum: Go get it.
David S. Kong: I like the guy.
David S. Kong: He seems pretty great to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: This party's almost over, though.
Kate Sackton: I am…
David S. Kong: The game's almost over, but… I don't know, something about him. He's got away with words.
Mike Sackton: Why… why we think this aligns with our original purpose?
David S. Kong: What are you talking about?
Kate Sackton: Because we want this…
David S. Kong: Are you kidding.
Kate Sackton: Agreement to be broken.
Mike Sackton: We're sure this is the trivia.
David S. Kong: It's her.
Kate Sackton: It's the only treaty we're aware of. It's our best option for a treaty that we could get broken.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, let's just reassess here for a moment, right?
David S. Kong: So I think there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe 2.
David S. Kong: Two different goals here.
David S. Kong: One goal… Which we all share, is to, at some point, get back home.
David S. Kong: That's one problem.
Mike Sackton: Rather than latest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: well, let's see what's going on. There's a bunch of other houses.
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
David S. Kong: I mean, there could be other parties, we don't know. I don't… I mean, this is… I'm… not… I mean…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So far, at least?
David S. Kong: there are parts, there are parts of Tolin that are more dangerous than this, you know what I mean? So far, it's been fine. So I'm just saying.
David S. Kong: After all, good.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The night is… the night is still young. It's hardly even evening yet.
David S. Kong: Yeah. This is you, the DM, interjecting? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
David S. Kong: The other… the other goal, the other goal… Turk. Turk. Yeah. Turk.
David S. Kong: What's in your pockets, dude? What'd you get?
David S. Kong: Anything.
David S. Kong: What's in there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure how to handle those shorts.
David S. Kong: I'm just saying, you don't have to say…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: just… 1 to 10?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 10 is awesome.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where we at?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, I'm feeling awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's for sure.
David S. Kong: My point is…
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: There's another house, there's other places to see. We… there may be riches and other things untold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, man, let's go get it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, so, but, but… Here's the thing, here's the thing, here's the thing, here's the thing.
David S. Kong: The original agreement with, what's the name of the guy? Alda?
Tim Sackton: Well done.
Mike Sackton: jerk face.
Mike Sackton: Trader.
Mike Sackton: Door closer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thank you, betrayer, door closer, agree.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's all moot now. Whatever that was, I mean, right?
David S. Kong: It's not… Yeah, there's…
Kate Sackton: Because he'll open the door, and we can go home.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Why? You think… what? Wait.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Why would he do that?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, Betrayer. I'm with you, Edric, on the Betrayer thing. Now, I do want to say, though, there is that ancient piece of paper written in Sambarin.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That thing said that we would get whoever breaks the thing gets the money.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is that written on that old piece of paper.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Alder said that.
David S. Kong: Paul just said that. What's on the piece of paper?
Kate Sackton: Hold against the money if anybody breaks the thing.
David S. Kong: But what's on the paper?
Mike Sackton: What is on the Panther?
David S. Kong: What was written on the paper?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that he had.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was a 400-year-old D2 dandelion house. That was only his on the condition that he'd go through the door.
David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rather, that the treaty be broken.
David S. Kong: Huh?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with the…
David S. Kong: I agree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord of the house on the far side of the door, man on the far side of the door, something like that.
David S. Kong: Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So this is… hold on, hold on. If we break the treaty, are we unwittingly helping the dude that betrayed us?
Kate Sackton: You know, we're wittingly helping the dude that betrayed us, because even though we hate his guts.
Kate Sackton: Making him happy will get us out of the fae, where we have no other clue how to get back.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, no, no, I don't like this at all. I don't like this at all. I don't like doing anything that's gonna help the dude that closed the door behind us. We know, we know…
Kate Sackton: He becomes the Lord of Dandelion House.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: And then we kill him, then we're the Lord of Dandelion.
David S. Kong: Yeah, little doctor.
Kate Sackton: Sope.
David S. Kong: Wow.
Kate Sackton: I'm mad at me. Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: also…
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait, wait, wait, hold on a bit.
David S. Kong: I understood your values. I do not know if I understand your values anymore.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't know how I feel about this, besides.
David S. Kong: Wow. There's just straight-up murder all of a sudden? I mean, I know I suggest things that are a little bit here and there, but wow.
Mike Sackton: circumfaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: hidden.
David S. Kong: Hold on, just one more thing, one more thing, one more thing. All I'm saying is…
David S. Kong: I trust this guy more than I trust the door-slamming guy.
Mike Sackton: So why don't we ask this guy about the doorstone guy?
Kate Sackton: But we…
David S. Kong: Well, but I agree. But, but, but…
David S. Kong: There's another way back through the other house.
David S. Kong: That's what he's saying.
David S. Kong: So why don't we go to the other house?
Eric Rosenbaum: They're wearing a mask all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I lost the wait.
Kate Sackton: If that's just a pretty story that he told people to lie to them to make them go to the other house, because I think that's just…
David S. Kong: as well.
Kate Sackton: That's just his line.
Kate Sackton: Okay, who trusts this guy?
David S. Kong: Who trusts… who trusts this lord?
Kate Sackton: I mean, as much as I trust any Feylord. I trust him, like, this much.
David S. Kong: Have you met other Feylords? I'm not.
Kate Sackton: I've heard stories that one should not trust any favorites.
Eric Rosenbaum: One other detail… the deed… His fishy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cuz… it was written…
David S. Kong: Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: I recall correctly, in modern Simbaran.
David S. Kong: Thank you, Ma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even though it's supposed to have been.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 400 years old.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So… Wow.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the whole…
Eric Rosenbaum: Deal itself may rest on a foundation of deception.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Bow.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I, I agree.
David S. Kong: For sure, fishy deed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I, I think we're, I think we're just an uncharted…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: lands in terms of, we don't know who to trust.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, there's at least two ways home.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And there's untold cool things.
David S. Kong: And then the new house. There's two places we can get back.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's true, it's true.
David S. Kong: So, one of the houses back.
Kate Sackton: It's definitely alleged, and the old house is definitely definite, because we know.
Mike Sackton: But you don't know if we can get through that way.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You're putting a lot of faith in some.
Mike Sackton: The magic ability to open the gate from this side that he said was impossible.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Now, Holda got back through it.
Mike Sackton: He said he left the door open.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the only way to get back!
Mike Sackton: Was to leave the door open.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right.
Mike Sackton: People going into the creepy house full of skeletons that looks odd.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That, but…
David S. Kong: No, but they… we don't know, maybe they didn't get home. We don't know what happened to them, right?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, no! The house he came out of was pretty.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, that one's creepy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's terrible.
David S. Kong: Oh, that guy looks good.
Mike Sackton: Horrible.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no, that house sucks. I don't think that's a safe place.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But the neighbor's house…
Mike Sackton: Could be fun!
David S. Kong: A neighbor's house could be a way, another way out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Maybe that party… is even better.
David S. Kong: Tarek, now you are reading my mind!
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't be optimistic.
David S. Kong: This is why…
Kate Sackton: Y'all want to go to the…
David S. Kong: This is my guy.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This is my beautiful friend.
Kate Sackton: I want to go to the neighbor's house.
David S. Kong: This is the other party.
Tim Sackton: Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Exactly the… I just have to interject that this is the moment in the movie that there would be a smash cut to two halflings having exactly the same conversation.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then pissed something.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That looks like a good party, let's check out that!
Tim Sackton: Sounds like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wait.
Tim Sackton: It sounds like he is asking us to…
David S. Kong: Oh, my ion.
David S. Kong: Hi.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what, make some promise?
Tim Sackton: I just… I just wanna get home.
Kate Sackton: So what…
Tim Sackton: If we promise that we're gonna do that, can't we just walk out of here and walk to the house?
Tim Sackton: Weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lisa Fay, he was saying he got trapped into a bargain he didn't want to make, and then he's offering us, like, oh, by the way, do you want to make this…
Eric Rosenbaum: argue.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what is…
David S. Kong: Eric. Eric, she's why you're… This is why you're on the team.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get it in writing, go, go.
Mike Sackton: go to the house.
David S. Kong: We should not agree to any bargains, maybe. Maybe that's our rule.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's… that's what I'm talking about.
David S. Kong: Maybe we just go to the house and check it out.
Tim Sackton: This is what I'm saying. What is stopping us from just…
Tim Sackton: Walking out the door right now.
Kate Sackton: Do we want.
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoever shot those green-fledged arrows with deadly accuracy in the opposite.
David S. Kong: Hold on.
David S. Kong: Even though the other thing?
Mike Sackton: It'll be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
David S. Kong: The other thing, the other thing, we don't know the wizard story.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't trust the wizard.
David S. Kong: I don't trust the wizard either.
David S. Kong: I don't know if she's the wizard user.
Mike Sackton: As an aside, there is, like, a Sabbara and cultural distrust, like, we're all Sabara distrust.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's, like, in general.
David S. Kong: We all…
Kate Sackton: We got that. Yeah.
David S. Kong: kill the wizard on-site?
Mike Sackton: Well, that would be, like, look, you have to be…
Tim Sackton: Could we kill the wizard?
David S. Kong: There's 5 of us. I mean…
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to distract him, I'll take him out from…
Mike Sackton: I'll hit him from one side.
Eric Rosenbaum: opportune angle.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm from the other side.
David S. Kong: Guys, we gotta make.
Mike Sackton: Knives and hammers.
David S. Kong: We gotta make some.
Tim Sackton: All I'm saying is let's not make any promises to fey lords that bind us to.
David S. Kong: I, I'm… okay, okay. I'm gonna set… look, here's some synthesis here, because otherwise we're gonna be here for a thousand years.
David S. Kong: Rule number one…
Mike Sackton: Have a good.
David S. Kong: No bargains. No bargains with the Feylord. That's rule number one.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not a bargain.
David S. Kong: No agreements with the paylord, no bargains, nothing with the paylord. Rule number two, or point number two.
David S. Kong: Let's go check out the house.
David S. Kong: You know? We don't know what's at the house. Let's go check out the house.
David S. Kong: And…
Eric Rosenbaum: 3, take their stuff.
David S. Kong: Three, take their stuff, and also, if nothing else than for leverage, We get the key.
David S. Kong: Tip and TV.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm… but you can carry it.
David S. Kong: Whoever can carry it. You usually carry all the cool stuff, but I can carry it, whatever, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: If they're at the portal that takes us home in the next house.
David S. Kong: Hold on, siem down.
Tim Sackton: I say we just leave.
David S. Kong: Nice.
David S. Kong: Yeah, despite pulling.
Kate Sackton: You would make this poor lord keep suffering?
David S. Kong: That's true.
Mike Sackton: He is suffering, we should help him.
Mike Sackton: He clearly doesn't like this clock thing. I kinda, I mean, I went to offer to smash it, but that seems like maybe a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't smash the clock.
Mike Sackton: No, I was gonna ask if you wanted me there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hell, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't gonna just smash it? Look, I had some… I've learned something!
Mike Sackton: You don't hit first, you ask and you hit second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mark wanders over to look at the clock.
Kate Sackton: Are we just gonna politely say goodbye and then run for it? Say, we can't agree to your deal because we don't agree to deals?
David S. Kong: No, there's no… there's nothing.
Kate Sackton: And then we'll go for it.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, no.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Running? Running. No. Never running. Never running.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Never run it.
David S. Kong: Just…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We excuse ourselves. It's fine.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's very polite right now.
Kate Sackton: But the man runs an abattoir for sending mortals to wizards, and he was running low on livestock until 5 juicy mortals walked in and said hello.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's gonna… lose… an entire stock of Juicy Mortals if…
Kate Sackton: we leave. He might have a motivation to try to stop.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Once you're gonna…
David S. Kong: Not my mom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: He did.
Mike Sackton: Stop holder.
Kate Sackton: Didn't stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a message to you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thank you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You did not.
Kate Sackton: Who would want to keep hold of?
Mike Sackton: True.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: tumbles back.
Eric Rosenbaum: What year is it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Diamond.
Mike Sackton: teams…
Tim Sackton: 1740.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, things on his hands.
Mike Sackton: 1740.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clock says, 41… 4133.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, that's where it's pointing to midnight.
Eric Rosenbaum: And at 11.59, it says 5,873. What does that mean?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So at 11.59, it's 58.73.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then at midnight, it's 4.133.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Those…
Tim Sackton: Why is it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Very close together.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 134.
Tim Sackton: 3133 is when Drancor was founded in the Dwarven roughly.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Barcel's been poking around Tacoverse.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But Char definitely doesn't know that, so…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And our hand seems to jump.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's just jumping around.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 4133 is the founding of drain corps by the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Wharven Reckoning? Is that what you said, Tim?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and 5873 is the current year in.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a word and reckoning.
Tim Sackton: Dwarven Reckoning.
Kate Sackton: Anybody see any dwarves around?
Eric Rosenbaum: So the spoon… Around the face of the clock is the duration of…
Eric Rosenbaum: time from the beginning of the Rancorian Empire to now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, none of our characters would… well, no,
Mike Sackton: Kato would totally know that.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: And ELF would absolutely recognize what I've been recommending pretty quickly.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Everybody knows.
Mike Sackton: 4133.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Also, man…
David S. Kong: Schwartz, at some point, metagame, you should give us, we should, you should pretend that we have the mirror, and then.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: we can…
Mike Sackton: This isn't.
David S. Kong: This clock must be so fucking cool in the mirror.
David S. Kong: Greatest magic item of all time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Actually, being this close… This clock looks awfully familiar. This seems almost identical in design.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Although maybe the face is a little bit different.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But in design and workmanship to the grandfather clock that you saw in Dandelion House.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Which was also magical, well-preserved, when everything else in Dandelion House was falling apart.
David S. Kong: What was the relationship?
Eric Rosenbaum: you're gonna love.
David S. Kong: Did you hold it to that clock? Did Holden do anything with the clock? Was he looking at it, talking about it? Did he say anything about it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's just sort of standing in the corner.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yelled zip past it on the way upstairs.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There are lots of old, weird stuff in that house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Kato, you're… you've made a good friendship with this Lord. Why don't you politely excuse us?
Kate Sackton: Without getting us into any backing contracts, and then we'll head out.
David S. Kong: I think that sounds.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's good. Kato, Kato will head over to the Lord.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Lord Endless Ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Our party apologizes, but… As the party is ending.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We are to make our way home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good. So we are agreed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We are just gonna… exit the manor and make our way down. We're actually not agreeing to anything.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Official.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We're just simply… Heading up.
Mike Sackton: I guess, don't hold up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ask him what?
Mike Sackton: Ask them for a holdup.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ask him for help.
Mike Sackton: Ask him about Holba, the anchor game.
David S. Kong: about Hold up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This, at this point, is clearly audible to…
Mike Sackton: Lord Edo said, as Egypt tries to have an aside to cater to saying, remember to ask who about Holda.
David S. Kong: Hold on, why am I asking about Holden?
Mike Sackton: I kind of decided we were going to.
David S. Kong: What's, what's the Lord doing?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I have to say, I've enjoyed playing, like, this guy's so fun.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, that's all awesome.
Mike Sackton: Does he react when Ajric is, like, loudly whispering to Kato, remember to ask him if I hold up?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: sorry, I just put in chat the numbers on the four dials.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's not material to this question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you say again, I apologize, I was distracted for a minute.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, so basically, Kato's like, hey, we're gonna head out. He's like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So we're agreed, and then Kato's like.
David S. Kong: No, we're not actually formally agreeing to anything, we're just gonna make our way out of the.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: banner.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then, at the same time, Edric is like.
David S. Kong: hey, ask him about Holdo. Like, aren't you gonna ask him about Holdo? Like, really loudly and about a lot of tactics?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Older?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hold up!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Holder!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: How do you know Holda?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well, it's an unfortunate…
David S. Kong: Story, now that we're here.
David S. Kong: Holder.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I have to say, our nickname, for him is the Betrayer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jeez.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is the Lord responding well to that nickname?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This face is totally impassive.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, we.
David S. Kong: We met Holda, he…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sent us through, A door in the house down the road the other way.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Closed the door behind us.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's how we got here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So… we're not big fans of him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And our understanding is that, you also…
David S. Kong: May not have appreciated his demeanor and approach.
David S. Kong: Life and values.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No, indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He came and acted the part of a fool.
David S. Kong: We feel the same way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I let my anger get the better of me.
David S. Kong: Are you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Send him home instead of sending him on.
David S. Kong: Would, in retrospect, would you have done anything differently?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would've…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The letter of my agreement is ambiguous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't believe that I promise to send every mortal without fail or exception through the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I don't regret sending him away. He was making a scene.
David S. Kong: So you have the ability to send mortals both To two different doors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once someone leaves these grounds, They're not my guest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I know not of them.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether he went home, Or onwards or elsewhere, I cannot say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But he was…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ungrateful.
David S. Kong: Worst.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Well… Lord, endless ending.
David S. Kong: Again, we…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Also… Shall be departed.
David S. Kong: On our own accord, and we are gonna leave the manor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I see.
David S. Kong: With your permission.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You mean then not to bring back the key to me?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Actually, we're not even saying that. That could happen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But… Candidly, and I speak with candor because I genuinely like you, we're just gonna head out.
David S. Kong: We're just gonna head out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm afraid I need to ask you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To go through the door of the neighbor's house, then.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Are you asking, like… Hey, do you mind grabbing that drink over there?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: and whether I grabbed the drink or not.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: it's… would be nice to do, but if I don't do it, it's fine? Or are you asking, candidly, I'm an elf here.
David S. Kong: in a fae way, where if I don't get the drink, bad things happen to me.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Cuz…
David S. Kong: Just for clarity's sake.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think that the door out of this place… Only leads to one destination.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And there may not be a door out of this place. Were you not going in that direction?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And of course, of course, You are welcome as my guests until the party ends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Already, it's breaking up.
David S. Kong: But just to clarify, are we being permitted to leave on our own accord?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of course, if your destination is just up the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sure the door will open for you.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: And also to clarify, are we bound by any agreement as a part of this departure?
David S. Kong: And leaving and heading to the… A house down the road?
David S. Kong: With fullest candor.
David S. Kong: Lord, endless ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What mortals so rarely understand…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the stories that they belong to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If your destination
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is through the doorway that might lead to the 27th room. If that's your destination.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then my gates are open to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a promise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or a requirement, Or an obligation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's simply true that if it isn't your destination, the gate won't be there.
David S. Kong: I understand. I understand. No, this part I get completely. The part I just wanna, you know.
David S. Kong: Just, just for a moment.
David S. Kong: the key, like, is there any requirement about the key, or are we just… we're okay. We can just exit, and we're, you know…
David S. Kong: It might come back, it might not come back. Consequences, no consequences, we're just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As I do not wish to have been compelled, so I do not wish to compel you.
David S. Kong: Upon hearing this, Kato just bows with the deepest sincerity and flourish, and looks up
David S. Kong: at Lord Endless Ending, it says.
David S. Kong: I have very few regrets in this life.
David S. Kong: My one great regret is that I did not see the party.
David S. Kong: Shining at its brightest and most glorious form.
David S. Kong: to the designs.
David S. Kong: of this Lord's imagination.
David S. Kong: He bows again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gordon is passed to you.
David S. Kong: Kato heads over to the group and is like, guys, let's get out of here, let's go, let's go, let's go.
Kate Sackton: Let's go!
David S. Kong: Alright, so here's the deal, as far as I know.
David S. Kong: If our intention is to go to the other house, which it is.
David S. Kong: we're fine. I think we'll be able to get out of here.
David S. Kong: I think I managed to do the whole thing, so we're not bound by a fate agreement, I think?
Mike Sackton: added.
David S. Kong: And, I think we don't need to get the key, although I think it'd be great to get the key anyways, but I… I'm pretty proud of myself, guys, I think.
David S. Kong: I think…
David S. Kong: Because the thing is with him is, right, he got tricked into an agreement that he didn't want to be a part of.
David S. Kong: And to the extent to which Faye
David S. Kong: have integrity. He did not want to do the same to us.
David S. Kong: That's not…
Kate Sackton: Absolutely, that's so great. Thanks, Kato.
David S. Kong: I'm… I'm… I mean… Kato's, like, very satisfied. He's like… I can sleep well tonight.
David S. Kong: I did my good deed for the day.
David S. Kong: Let's get out of here.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: We try to exit the gate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the question for you all.
Tim Sackton: Before we exit the gate, I want to talk to the guards.
David S. Kong: From the… from the manor side of the gate.
Kate Sackton: So, did the owl… when the owl was watching the lady, did she walk through the same gate that we came in past the guards with the smell? Or did she go out some other way?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, she… there's only one… one gate out. She went out through it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So here's the question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The way that this works is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not just about intention.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's that the gate doesn't exist
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unless, already, in the future, you have gone through the door into the other house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not about what your plan is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's about, is that the next thing that happens in the story?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that distinction make sense?
Kate Sackton: Like, we actually have to…
Kate Sackton: be going to go through the door in a way that's already sort of happened in our future for the door to exist, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's exactly right. You have to have already had done it in the future.
Kate Sackton: So once we're on the road, we can't change our mind.
Kate Sackton: Cause not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Meaningfully.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, the door only opened because we were actually going to go through the other door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Kate Sackton: We weren't gonna change our mind anyway, right guys?
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's what we're doing.
David S. Kong: Of course we're going to the other house.
Kate Sackton: But you want to talk to the guards just to see if there's any more information we can ask by framing things in a different way?
David S. Kong: McDonald's a good food.
Tim Sackton: I wanna know where the people who smell bad come from.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you can definitely ask the guards that, and they'll,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's see, they'll say,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know our post is here, so we don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't know exactly, but… The ones who patrol the road, they find them on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, out… out… walking, or wandering, or… Going from place to place?
David S. Kong: The Michael Sacton.
David S. Kong: The end of the choice.
David S. Kong: Sorry about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): more of them in this part than the other, so… Oh, I mean, they…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That could well come from that house. We've seen a couple of people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Coming from that direction, running as fast as they can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm. Not good. Not a good smell.
Kate Sackton: Any other questions, crowd, or are we just headed…
Kate Sackton: Toward the place that people run away from.
Kate Sackton: We're just headed toward the place people run away from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yup.
Mike Sackton: It's bothered me that the grandfather clocks are the same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the what?
Mike Sackton: The grandfather clocks were the same.
Mike Sackton: We didn't… by the way, did he tell us where the clock… the clock came from the wizard? Was that actually made clear, or did we just assume that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It did not come up in conversation.
Mike Sackton: That's just…
Kate Sackton: I was gonna ask that, but… something… we got derailed.
Mike Sackton: We should've asked that.
Kate Sackton: This clock's gift that the neighbors brought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You haven't left yet. If you wanted to go back to the house, you're welcome to.
David S. Kong: Ask him, just let's do it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah!
Mike Sackton: Okay, fine, let's go back.
Mike Sackton: AJ will just go back. He's possessed with a curiosity at this point.
Mike Sackton: He'll say, I'm gonna go ask him about the clock.
David S. Kong: Do it.
Mike Sackton: So, I'll find him, I'll apologize. I… apologies for disturbing you, Lord.
Mike Sackton: But it's been bothering me as I walked towards the gate.
Mike Sackton: this clock.
Mike Sackton: And tell us where it came from.
Mike Sackton: I've seen one very like it, is all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The wizard and her entourage brought it. I think there's one of them still around here.
Mike Sackton: One of the wizard's entourages still around here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't believe I've sent them all away yet.
Mike Sackton: you know where?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He glances to his badger butler, who, pipes up and says, I believe in the library, last I saw.
Mike Sackton: And this was, the gift, too?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gift, burden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who can say?
Mike Sackton: Did you have a poem for them when they brought it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did I have a poem for them?
Mike Sackton: Or the gift, like you had for Argent.
Mike Sackton: Or is it not that kind of thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It wasn't that kind of gift. It wasn't that kind of… Conversation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's not a good memory.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All I can think of it, looking back…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the 10,000 things I should have done or said differently.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though everything started to slide after that.
Mike Sackton: I take it.
Mike Sackton: You can't… Just get rid of the clock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Immovable, indestructible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And also just bad manners, right?
Mike Sackton: If it makes you unhappy.
Mike Sackton: Why would you keep it?
Mike Sackton: Unless you had to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All of this makes me unhappy now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that's not what I'm here for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's not my… part.
Mike Sackton: That is required?
Mike Sackton: How do you know?
Mike Sackton: I don't… I don't know my part.
Mike Sackton: How does one find such a thing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your lives burned so bright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I couldn't say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're like… Hmm… Like milkweed on the wind blowing here and there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who can say what becomes of it, where it lands?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what its purpose is. The only purpose I see is… Floating on the wind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he nods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And steps away.
Mike Sackton: Can we go find the… the badger's gonna show us where this guy is?
Mike Sackton: In person?
Kate Sackton: From the outside? The person used to sleep on the floor?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, presumably, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The guy sleep on the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can try to work.
Kate Sackton: The person sleeping it off, who's on the floor.
Mike Sackton: keto… Well, I don't, see what this guy's thinking?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, the… what's Kiddo doing?
David S. Kong: Detect thoughts.
Mike Sackton: I'm suggesting Kato maybe should detect thoughts on the wizard.
Kate Sackton: Entourage person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When someone's sleeping?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're gonna… you're running out of spouse lots here, but… It doesn't say anything about…
Tim Sackton: It's whatever, you're… I mean…
David S. Kong: Up to you, Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I love it, I love it. Yeah, so surface thoughts are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's difficult to articulate in words, because he's dreaming of numbers, but he's not dreaming of numbers in the sense that, like, we might think about numbers, like, as integers on a page or something. Like, he's not having a dream of seeing lots of numbers. He's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Having a dream that's, like, Moving through a forest of his…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): friends and relations, all of whom are numbers. Like, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, singing, like, improvising, singing, but rather than sound, it's numbers. Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dancing, but rather than the steps, it's numbers. And there's a fluidity to it, and a beauty, and an order to it that you can intuit, but is wholly beyond your grasp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Love meaning. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He snores.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What would you like to do with this?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sleeping number, dude.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you may as well try and probe deeper.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He gets a save, but…
David S. Kong: do it.
Tim Sackton: This is your last attack thoughts until we get a chance to sleep, so… milk it for what it's worth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On failed save, you discern the target's reasoning emotions as something that looms large in its mind, such as worry, love, or hate.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whoa. Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna give him a save…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he is gonna take that at disadvantage because he's asleep, I feel like that makes sense. What's the spell safety C?
Tim Sackton: 13.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I was insane.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What is it?
Tim Sackton: 13.
David S. Kong: I didn't know it's 13.
Mike Sackton: Because Tim knows your character?
Tim Sackton: It says in big letters on the… well, that's what level 3 spell save always is, but also it says it in big letters at the top of your spell section.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, in that case, you were very lucky, because with disadvantage, you rolled a 12.
David S. Kong: As he says, safety nets.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me think about that for just a sec.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Detect thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Underneath that… so, like, if that's the conscious dream that he's in the middle of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Underneath that, like, the deeper…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The deeper mind state that he's in, or, like, the place he was where he fell asleep, or his subconscious preoccupation.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): more than anything, almost like this sense of deadline, like, of needing to get moving, like, there is work to do, he is on deadline, there is not time to do other things, like, there is not time to stop at a party and have a long conversation.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's a… there's a sort of a preoccupying worry underneath all of that, like,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not just, like, he's late for something, but, like, there's some… something that he's in the midst of, which is… maybe it's more like a deadline, more like there's a timeline. Like… like he's on the clock, and he's gotta get you done, and and a frustration that, on some level, he knows that it's not getting done.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he is thinking… .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'll say, too, like, to the degree that there are snatches of language, it is not a language that you are familiar with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And she's… Oh, sorry, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he's mad at his boss.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's it.
David S. Kong: Do we know any…
Eric Rosenbaum: God is.
David S. Kong: It's.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, like.
David S. Kong: When he's from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think so. The clothes are not a style that you're familiar with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sort of short knee pants and stockings underneath, soft leather boots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is not a person…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This person… I think you would read him as, like, a city person, rather than an adventuring sort of a person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, although he does have a bag, like a satchel, on the floor next to him.
David S. Kong: Which… It's empty now because Tarek already took everything out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Notebook, loose paper, pens, and then two books whose titles are in a language that you cannot read.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any writing in the notebooks?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, similarly, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The notebook is…
Kate Sackton: Let me talk to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean…
Mike Sackton: Does everybody have comprehensive languages?
Kate Sackton: B.
Mike Sackton: the notebooks.
Kate Sackton: Oh, good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So then…
Mike Sackton: That's their code instead of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The trouble with the notebooks is you don't get the impression that this is a cipher or a code or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it is math that is incomprehensibly complicated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With notations that don't quite make sense. The two books, one is called Brilliant Numbers, and one is called The Shape of Possibility.
David S. Kong: The shape of possibility, that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if you want to start… I mean, I don't know how long the spell lasts, but this guy's out. Like, if you want to flip through the books and try and make sense of him, you're welcome to.
David S. Kong: do it. Why not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, which do you want to start with?
Kate Sackton: So…
David S. Kong: Great possibility.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, okay. Just about the question of how long the spell lasts, so I ritual cast this, like, before we got here, but I don't… we've probably been here an hour, so maybe it's over and I had to recast it with a spell slot.
Kate Sackton: So that'll give us another hour.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could always just re-cut, recap.
Mike Sackton: Re-ritual.
Tim Sackton: cast it again.
Kate Sackton: Alright, we'll pretend that you all were patient while I ritualcast it for 10 minutes, and then…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right. I was gonna say it's not like the clock is ticking, but it's really unclear whether a clock is ticking or not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is that?
David S. Kong: here anyways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, do you want to start with the shape of possibility?
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So… The parts of it that you can…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pick up. It's a little bit complicated, because it seems to be a combination of magic and math and metaphysics all sort of rolled into one, the kind of thing that resists, like… there's not, like, an introduction. Here is an overview, in plain English, of the argument I will be making. It is… it's sort of a mess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the parts of it that do make sense, the writer is conjecturing that… one… What!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is so disappointing. That must be where I picked it up from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have no recollection of that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's so disappointing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I really thought that was an original creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, they got it from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, wow.
David S. Kong: No original Creations, we all know that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, in this book, the conjecture is that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One could create a three- or possibly 4-dimensional sculpture of every possible outcome of a series of events.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So one excerpt that catches your eye says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In every moment, a finite number of possibilities, and each of those possibilities has a particular shape that we can represent mathematically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those shapes repeat themselves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With similar but unique variations, like the different shape of every leaf on a single tree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or every possible root ball shape for a miniature tree grown in a spherical terrarium.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The simplest description of the shape of all possibilities is like a single sentence, which tells a whole story that the listener imbues with a complexity infinitely beyond the spoken words.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not super comprehensible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the idea is that it's… it is trying to create…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First, the argument conceptually, and then…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something like a magical or mathematical argument.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That it is possible to describe, in certain instances, every possible future outcome simultaneously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And in the closing section of the book.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It suggests, instead, the counterargument that The shape of possibility
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is not infinitely open-ended, like all the variations of leaves on a single tree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But in retrospect, After an event has already happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The shape of possibility is singular.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And everything in that event happens simultaneously. You can make a sort of a,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A model where the third dimension of it is time, something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where you can describe.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Everything that's ever happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all at the same time. And there it suggests that Mmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): An analogous, and the author is at pains to say, merely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): metaphorical analogy to that is like a story in which the complete story exists on the page, with all parts of it happening simultaneously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And only happens in sequence when the reader reads it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the story itself.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Every point in the story exists simultaneously, and that's sort of the closing
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Thought of the shape of possibility.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Mike Sackton: Patrick's, like, just scratching his head, like, I regret suggesting we investigate.
David S. Kong: Who has the highest intelligence in our group? Is anybody, like… Yeah, seriously.
Tim Sackton: I'm being as the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: is the… well, Tarek and Aveen are both decent.
Eric Rosenbaum: 14, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's just a kind of mashup of Godel numbering with the many worlds hypothesis of quantum mechanics.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Obviously.
Mike Sackton: DJ scratches his head and says, what are you talking about?
David S. Kong: What are you talking about?
Eric Rosenbaum: That comment came from a different timeline.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brilliant numbers.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Let's have a look.
Kate Sackton: Let's have a quick look.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The overwhelming majority of brilliant numbers is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: An index of what's gotta be 8 or 9,000 six-digit numbers.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And the introduction explains that each of these numbers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are the product of two 3-digit prime numbers.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that… .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It suggests that because of the difficulty in factoring 6-digit numbers by hand.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Using them to stand in for particular codes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can be an effectively unbreakable way to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If not absolutely encode, at least deeply obfuscate information.
Tim Sackton: Are they organized in a particular way?
Tim Sackton: The numbers?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the 6-digit numbers are organized sequentially.
Mike Sackton: Are the ones from the clock in the bucket?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, they are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And here's where, Metagame, I am now coming to distrust the AI that gave me these numbers, which assured me that, in fact, these were…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That there are… 7,930 semiprimes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 6-digit numbers, which have two 3-digit factors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we're just gonna take that as true, whether or not it actually is. And yeah, the numbers from the clock are in there.
Mike Sackton: But they're supposed to all be…
Mike Sackton: They're not supposed to be prime, I take it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Semi-prints.
Mike Sackton: So, multiple of two prizes.
Mike Sackton: Eric said that two of the ditches of the clock were actually fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, which is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That is a mistake.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's… that's Google AI's mistake.
David S. Kong: I don't know everybody else's experience with this, but I feel like, like, this type of shit.
David S. Kong: is, like, massive AI hallucination. Like, this is where AI is, like, the worst. It, like, can't do actual math, and… like, numbers, with, like, it doesn't know… it's constantly making shit up about, like, the orders of magnitudes of things.
David S. Kong: Like, I just… I did prepare a whole fluid dynamics lecture, and, like, the AI was very useful for…
David S. Kong: like, deriving equations, but was terrible at doing arithmetic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It offered to coach me through a Python script to do this myself, but I don't actually know how to use Python, so I…
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike Sackton: I'm on!
Tim Sackton: I just ran it through ChatGPT with the extended thinking, and it just wrote a Python script.
Tim Sackton: to do it, and ran it, and it gave me 186,657.
Tim Sackton: Three, six-digit semi-primes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I don't want 6-digit semi-primes, I want 6-digit semiprimes where each of the factors are 3-digit numbers.
Tim Sackton: That'll be smaller.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In any case, this is a face.
Tim Sackton: square primes. Anyway, it's the Feywild, so math is different.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly, this is a fantastical world. There are 7,930.
Mike Sackton: Perfect, perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure… I'm not sure we've learned anything useful from this, though.
Mike Sackton: That my head hurts when we do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's.
David S. Kong: Something…
Eric Rosenbaum: about… Time.
Eric Rosenbaum: different… Possibilities being mapped out.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fact that that… Is it the hour hand or the minute hand?
Eric Rosenbaum: The hour hand moves erratically to a new position.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every few minutes on that grandfather clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: women…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): does that.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the ring.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The four numbers all change in that same moment, also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Jumping around in a possibility space?
Eric Rosenbaum: a four-dimensional… coordinate system.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we're moving between points of, randomly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe not randomly?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek does not save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because he does not think that thought.
David S. Kong: Do we just go to the other house, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Think about this later.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Scholar snores again.
Tim Sackton: Charo says, yes, my… Head hurts.
David S. Kong: God.
Tim Sackton: I haven't seen… a bird or a reptile since we got here. Is that still true?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is still true.
David S. Kong: Maybe we can.
Tim Sackton: And I want to go home.
David S. Kong: After we get stuff.
Mike Sackton: Let's go to the other house.
Tim Sackton: There's a river, right?
David S. Kong: There isn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There is a river.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna dive into the river.
David S. Kong: Go do that. I like that for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love this for you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is there anything, like, is that…
Tim Sackton: Are there fish? Are there, like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Inside?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think about that for just a minute.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, I love this! I, I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the River of Time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is it… Nope, there aren't.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's no… living things.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm gonna just swim… I'm a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Pop my head up and say, I'll be back in a minute.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna swim downriver as far as I can go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long can you hold your breath?
Tim Sackton: 15 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you gonna keep swimming for 15 minutes?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops, 27.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Does he come out?
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm not…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm not… I'm… I mean, I'm swimming.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, 30 minutes, I can hold my breath for 30 minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Amazing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I have a swim speed of 30 feet, like, I'm just as mobile in the water as I am on land.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Presumably, I can swim without.
Tim Sackton: Submerging myself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, totally. You can make it all the way around the bend.
Tim Sackton: What's around the bend?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As you round the bend.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see just a little ways up ahead with you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ahead of you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A set of beautiful wide lawns.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a house where a party's just ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lit by globe lamps, the candles in which are sputtering and beginning to go out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What do they see?
Tim Sackton: But I come around the bend.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Each one of you watching At some point or another.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): happen to look away or glance away. One of you yawns and closes your eyes. One of you, I don't know, sneezes. One of you hears two people getting into a loud argument just behind you and happens to glance over.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in the glancing back again, you see Charo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Reemerge, at just about the point where you left them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just haven't.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, he must have swum back again, presumably.
Tim Sackton: Is there a current in the river?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There must be a current in the river. Yeah, we'll say yes. Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We'll say it's flowing south.
Mike Sackton: What does a stick do if we just throw.
Tim Sackton: That's what I was thinking about, but I was… are there any sticks?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: diagnostics.
Mike Sackton: Trees, they don't there? Are those trees not real?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, you can grab a stick. You can toss a stick in and the stick disappears around the bend and on down the river.
Mike Sackton: It's in your mind, child, you didn't think hard enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm…
Mike Sackton: You didn't want to leave.
Tim Sackton: Char, like, deeply… Unsettled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You hear the clock strike zero.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What would you like to do?
Kate Sackton: Well… Sorry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We all heard it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And… There was time ticking.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As a guy, it doesn't matter, there's other people.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Let's wait… We're gonna head towards the gate.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just wait there until somebody leaves, and then…
Tim Sackton: Fall them out.
Kate Sackton: Let's try I like that idea.
Tim Sackton: Do we take the books with us, by the way?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tarek? I'm asking Tarek. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't see why not, they're ours now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, my zoom is frozen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right?
David S. Kong: Mike Zimus from Zoom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or he's holding very still.
David S. Kong: texted us.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh, it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: My Zoom is first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's what I was saying about time being, unclear. Oh, your Zoom is frozen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okong!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god, it's happening in real life!
Tim Sackton: What's…
Tim Sackton: Fun's good at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what? No way, dude, that was too good.
Kate Sackton: That one just looked like your headshot.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The trick is to be slightly blurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, you're in mid-movement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And to hold it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's more difficult.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think making yourself be slightly blurry is tricky also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, how…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do…
Tim Sackton: Pao is just, like, rubbing his eyes and, like…
Tim Sackton: This is way too confusing to me, and will say.
Tim Sackton: Under his breath, where Edric can't hear.
Tim Sackton: We need a wizard, guys.
David S. Kong: Ugh, yeah, Wizard on our team would be useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we could wake this guy up and make him… And, be, befriended.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait, wait, did you keep his books or no?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we give those books.
David S. Kong: Actually, we could. I mean, you know…
David S. Kong: Kato's got, like, command and suggestion spells and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: He may not speak our languages, but who knows?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I should…
Tim Sackton: Save a few of your spells, Kato, don't remember you're only 3rd level, you're not.
Tim Sackton: You don't have endless reasons.
David S. Kong: Kato's not a very, like, thinking and planning kind of guy.
David S. Kong: It's not.
Kate Sackton: It will be a great comfort to us that you were true to character when we all died of the final battle. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: battle. I love that. I love that.
Tim Sackton: Do we see another person?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, sorry, are we waiting for Mike, do you think?
Tim Sackton: I assume he's gonna… Rejoin, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume so, too.
Tim Sackton: He might have to restart his computer.
David S. Kong: Let's go to… let's go to the other house, why don't we just…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'm just saying, is another person… do you see a person leave the gate?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep. You're hanging out by the gate, and you see, leaving the house and coming across the lawns towards the gate, the formerly sleeping
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Target of your recent theft.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's follow him.
Kate Sackton: As he was nearly the last mortal left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, are you… are you standing at the gate? Like, is he coming… are you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell me again what the plan is. Is it to meet up with him, or is it to, like, try and sneakily tail him?
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, just…
Tim Sackton: I… I didn't… Char didn't really have a plan, just, like, didn't want to be the one who was in…
David S. Kong: We're just near the gate, as clearly as a group that know each other, in a circle, talking. Just, like, near the gate. And he's… he's presumably leaving.
Tim Sackton: Char's idea is basically…
Tim Sackton: He's confused and unnerved and doesn't want to wind up caught in some weird fey magic, and so wants somebody else to be the…
Tim Sackton: Chime, cursed person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So as you're waiting by the gate, you see him leaving the house and coming towards you, and about halfway across the lawn, you see him sort of pick up the satchel next to him and lift it, and then open it, and you just see his shoulder slump.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he slows down a step, but keeps on walking with purpose towards the gate, just sort of shaking his head and, muttering under his breath.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when he sees the… the five of you near the gate, and not just the guards, he…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perks up, and, raises a hand to hell you in a language that, none of you understand.
Tim Sackton: Except… A beam.
Kate Sackton: If it's up for an hour?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's… sure, let's say it's still up, and I'll… I'll sweat that too much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time is complicated here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
Kate Sackton: I'll be able to respond, but I can… It lasts till darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait, does Comprehend allow you to speak in return, or no?
Tim Sackton: Nope, just understand.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow, okay, so we raise the hand and says… Hell!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who are you… who are you? Where are you from? And rattles off a couple of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Names of things you don't recognize. Cities, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then just sort of stares awkwardly, waiting for a response.
Kate Sackton: We gesture awkwardly, like we don't understand.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna…
David S. Kong: Somebody understands them?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What?
Kate Sackton: I do understand him, but I'm gonna… I mean, I can walk right up to him and say.
Kate Sackton: In common, or old Tollish, or something.
Kate Sackton: We don't understand you.
Kate Sackton: I'll try to do it foolish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, where are we?
Eric Rosenbaum: Give him back the books.
Tim Sackton: There it is.
Tim Sackton: The wizard's walking out of the gate, but is talking to us as he tries to walk out of the gate.
Mike: Oh, oh, the guy we…
Tim Sackton: The guy we stole the books from.
Mike: woke up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: The Lord woke him up because the clock chimed, and the Lord had to send someone, so he woke the guy up and sent him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And now you're still just on the inside side of the gate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Meeting him.
Mike: Okay, I'm…
Kate Sackton: So, and he was just like.
Kate Sackton: Hi, I'm from Blobbity Blah. Where are you guys from? A or B? I'm never A or B.
Kate Sackton: I can speak.
David S. Kong: So Kate can understand him, but we can't speak with him, because we can't speak his language.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When he hears you, though… Oh, yeah, please.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna say we don't… like, the easiest way to clue someone that you don't speak their language is to start talking back to them in a language they don't know.
Kate Sackton: Personally, I think. So I'm trying to convey that we don't speak his language by saying, we don't speak your language. But just in case we could communicate, I'm gonna say that in Old Polish, which is the older language I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He looks at you sort of astonished.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Clearly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trying to pull something out of his memory, Northros. Northros,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he'll, he'll say a few halting words, and then,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He'll sort of, with astonishment, say, oh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Touch, one of the rings that's on his fingers, and say,
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What about now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now? Yeah? Good. Good. I always forget that I have this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, that's better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's been an age since I've talked to anyone who speaks Northrus and not Drancor, and it's really bizarre.
David S. Kong: Where are you guys?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where's it from?
David S. Kong: Kato gives a look at Taric, and is just, like, astonished. Like, he's looking at him like, how does he still have his ring?
David S. Kong: Like, isn't this obviously something that you would have… it's like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, I must be really out of it, you're right.
David S. Kong: Ted.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a stunner.
Kate Sackton: Maybe he was sleeping on that arm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He was sleeping on his stomach, in fairness to.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I was…
Eric Rosenbaum: Could've had it, though, should I?
David S. Kong: Losing a step. Anyways, great to hear from you. Yeah, you were, you were knocked out at the party,
David S. Kong: Tell us more about you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: How'd you get here?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whoa!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are you guys from?
David S. Kong: Tolin.
Kate Sackton: stolen.
Eric Rosenbaum: But maybe… Question is when?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you mean?
David S. Kong: Where are you from?
David S. Kong: And where are you from?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In court?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, look at me, where do you think I'm from?
David S. Kong: what…
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's weird.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's it.
Kate Sackton: Oh, this is not Drancor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit. Yeah, I mean… First of all.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yes!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, but, but, .
David S. Kong: here, dude.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came here from the house down the road.
David S. Kong: Which one?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The 27-3.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As part of a big…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): group, all of whom seemed to have left. I came here with, like, 2 or 3 dozen people.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Where… are they?
David S. Kong: We don't know, we just got to the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we… this thing was a rager when I got here. It was UNBELIEVABLE!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We heard. I thought I could just, kinda…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kick back, this was gonna be a nice… Time to… Have a drink, and… I had a drink.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I felt a little woozily, and… I lay down, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Apparently everybody just left me here, which feels a little insulting, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Easy enough, we'll go catch up with them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably they're back there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He pauses, looking off, worried, into the distance and uncertain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, Tolin… wait a minute, why did you ask, when is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When is it? I know this place can mess with you, but when… is this?
Tim Sackton: Cora hasn't existed for, like, a thousand years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He stares at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Utterly uncomprehending.
David S. Kong: Just, how'd you get to the party?
David S. Kong: From Drink War?
David S. Kong: And the house down the road? I know you said you came to the house, but what was before that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no.
David S. Kong: That's what we're getting at there, yeah. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He sits down heavily, and puts both hands on his head. Oh, no, no. Puts his arm around it.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no!
David S. Kong: Let it all sink in. Let it all sink in. Yup.
David S. Kong: Yup, yup. Kato pulls out his special flask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god, I shouldn't, but I will.
David S. Kong: You should. You should. It's the good thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no…
David S. Kong: Yeah, it is.
David S. Kong: Wanna share what's on your mind? How'd you get here? How'd you get to the party?
David S. Kong: From before the house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the thing, most of all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't believe she was right. I genuinely, genuinely thought this was bullshit. I mean, genuinely.
David S. Kong: Bring us in.
Kate Sackton: Tell us about her and Terry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, alright, alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, the society that I'm… part of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Among the many things we do is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Make sure that everything stays where it's supposed to stay.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And we've done this for a long.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Long time.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't really care about the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know I shouldn't say this, but apparently the entire empire is dead. I don't really care about the politics of the empire or the empire in general.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I, and we…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're committed to keeping the outside out and the inside in, you know? The walls that separate things need to be maintained. You can't just build a wall and then leave it there forever. It needs…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maintenance, it needs repair, and that's what we did for… centuries.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, not me, obviously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The walls between the different parts of the universe.
David S. Kong: Oh, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jeez.
David S. Kong: in metaphysical. Go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is one of the things that people don't always… I mean, of course everyone in my order understands, but that people don't always understand is that the universe is a porous place. You think that,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People build a dam to keep the water back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They build a wall to keep the wind out, and they think that because no wind or water's coming through, that's what the separations are like between different parts of the universe, like the separation between this place, the fae, and the world, or between the dreaming world and the waking world, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On and on, do you understand?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's not like that at all. These things are porous, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or… or there's holes between… I mean, you presumably came through a hole to get here of one form or another.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we keep those holes closed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For so long, It was just understood.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was just understood.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That that was one of the most important things, that…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That the real…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Defense that the Empire needed to attend to wasn't its neighbors?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the things that live on the other sides of these walls.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If the wall between this place, where we're standing right now, and our world collapsed tomorrow, imagine the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Utter chaotic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Utter the undoing of our world that it would involve.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for so long, that was understood. And then in these last years, which apparently you're now telling me were a thousand years ago, for these last years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like they lost the thread that we were following.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And as the great project of the Emperor needed more and more time, and energy, and investment, and people, and space.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Resources.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We were told at a certain point, my master was charged.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tying closed… The loose holes that we knew of, and then herself joining in the Emperor's work.
David S. Kong: Who's your master?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Celestria.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Wizard Telestria.
David S. Kong: She's not the one that lives in the other house, is she?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lives? No, but nobody lives there.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: She's the one I came here with, of course.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She's the head of her murder.
David S. Kong: Which is, what's the name of yours?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Erythromos limperum.
David S. Kong: Which means…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Erythromos limperum?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You don't know about brilliant numbers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're in for a treat. They are so incredibly beautiful.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh my goodness. A brilliant number.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A brilliant number is a prime which is itself the product only of two other primes.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then he.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stares at you, expectantly. Excitedly.
Mike Sackton: Can you be safe.
Kate Sackton: Woo!
Mike Sackton: What keeps saying that word?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's like.
David S. Kong: 1 times 1?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god. Oh my god.
Mike Sackton: I mean, times is hard. EJS does have to be, like, time's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember how it works.
Kate Sackton: I'm sure you have other friends for mathematical conversations.
David S. Kong: No, that's all I know.
Mike Sackton: 5 times 2 is…
David S. Kong: Egyrich, Egyrich, I'm with you. 1 times 1 is 1.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 2 times 2 is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no. Oh, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no.
David S. Kong: Are those all brilliant numbers?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ugh.
David S. Kong: You just said two primes times each other equals a brilliant number.
David S. Kong: One is a prime. Is one a prime?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright, you're making a joke. Very funny, very funny.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's all in my book.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which I had, but apparently someone lifted off of me while I was asleep.
Tim Sackton: I can't trust guests at these parties.
Mike Sackton: Who has this book?
Eric Rosenbaum: I meant to give those back.
Mike Sackton: Get back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Conversation kind of got away from me.
Mike Sackton: Edric, like, looks at Tarek with, like, a significant look, like…
David S. Kong: But also, Terra can just slip it back in without him even noticing, because he's…
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can do that, you can do that with a sleight of hand check.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a great idea, let's do that, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I do a sleight of hand check?
Tim Sackton: D20 plus 7.
Mike Sackton: So, Egypt will, like, reach over, like, put his dick down.
Mike Sackton: and said, tell me more about primes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pressed it, but it didn't roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, come on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did it roll?
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try it again. Side of hand… Customize beyond honey.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pretty just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, here we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very, that's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's an 18 on the die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, damn, alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a 25, I guess?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, he… he does not even vaguely notice, but continues going on about how someone stole… they're probably even, like, copies of it any… do you still have libraries?
Mike Sackton: Check your… are you sure you didn't just forget it?
Mike Sackton: They're wrong.
Kate Sackton: Libraries, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): opens his… what the hell?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): God, when I leave the Feywild, I am never coming back here. Ever, ever, ever, ever, ever again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ugh, I need… Closes the top to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Listen… Here's why we're called the erythromosomparinth. Think of it like this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then he began speaking very quickly and slightly incomprehensibly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the surface of a sphere, draw a grid of four-sided polygons such that there are 89s from the bands, from the top to the bottom, and 89 slices radiating out from the center, covering the whole surface completely in equally sized boxes. Now, onto the sphere. Overlay any map of a spherical plane
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): plane whose topology is essentially spheroid, and you have 7,921 locations on the surface of the sphere. Within each individual location square, draw a second 89 by 89 grid, choose any one of those locations, repeat again, depending on the level of specificity that you need, such that the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First grid encompasses a set on a sphere the size of Telgar itself, roughly 89,000 square miles, and the second is roughly 10 square miles, and then at the third level, you're about 600 square feet on, 600 square feet on the side, and the fourth, here's the thing, here's the thing, by the time you get to the fourth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): layer down, you're in a grid of about, and he reaches his arms out about…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Six and a half feet on a site. So… With a set of four, Two-digit number… excuse me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He chuckles at himself, having fallen over his own numbers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sure you all understand the implication of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep going, yeah, of course.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What that means is… With 4 sets of numbers, You could describe the location
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of essentially anywhere at all on the surface of the planet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Down to just a 6-foot… cube.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a set of… 4… two-digit?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): four sets of two two-digit numbers, you can pinpoint any Placed on the surface of…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I understand all of that, but what's a planet?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't actually want anyone to know particular locations, so you hide them inside of Brilliant Numbers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Large primes, with only two factors. There happens to be about…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just a shade over 7,921 of them, which…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Obviously, is… The square of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 89, which is why we're doing an 89 by 89 grid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna take those stairs as just saying that you're tracking.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the point is, You can show the numbers openly, but you can only decipher them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you know their factors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right?
Kate Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you don't have to worry about, you don't have to worry about obscuring the numbers themselves, because you've already obscured them inside the Brilliant numbers.
Kate Sackton: Brilliant.
Mike Sackton: Wait, why are you here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, and then… I mean, obviously, for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For an organization that cares about The holes in…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): space, you need to know where they are, so with…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): your four brilliant numbers, you can pinpoint exactly where…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anything is on the surface of the Earth and go and find it. And so, over the centuries before, other people in my order pinpointed where… where did these happen, where are the thin points, where are the weak points, what needs to be repaired, what's the running list of things that we can't actually close, but needs maintenance, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On and on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a map of the holes between different sorts of spaces.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or at least, it allows you to hide the map of the holes between these spaces in plain sight, because obviously, you don't want other people to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To get those.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who knows the factors?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we just memorize them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then presum… I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a library in the house. I mean, the house, and he gestures down the road.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Here's the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For hundreds of years, that was the work, and frankly, that was the work that I signed up for a few years ago. That's why they recruited me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the Lestria said the world was ending?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that our best days were already behind us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they weren't coming back again. She said… In those years, That the society was like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A party that's already peaked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you know it's coming to an end, and it's just a matter of time before it actually does.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our best days were behind us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… Like a barkeep at the end of the night?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our task had to make sure… our task had to be to make sure just that the doors were locked and the lights were out?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's what we were all doing. 25 or 30 of us, going from.
Tim Sackton: But…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Place to place, closing it up.
Tim Sackton: here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is the thing, I don't actually know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm a mathematician and metaphysicist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's the work that I do.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't do the actual… content, so I'm like a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm like a guide. I'm like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm the person who… Who shows you how to read the map?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm not the person who does stuff when we get there.
Mike Sackton: So, I only understand, like, one word in five you're saying here.
Mike Sackton: But, like, I think, if I got it.
Mike Sackton: You said that there's numbers, and they turn into places?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, precisely.
Mike Sackton: So, what if the numbers on the clock? What place is that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The numbers on the clock…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the thing, I looked at the thing for, like, 5 minutes before I had to lay down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As far as I could tell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's just random. I mean, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I recognize them, but there's not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's not a pattern to them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: didn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): repeat… I mean, I don't…
Mike Sackton: No, no, just, like, the ones… here's some. Like, what are the ones you saw there?
Mike Sackton: I don't know about this.
Mike Sackton: better place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, he names, a city that you don't recognize. He says, yeah, it's like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, 60 or 70 miles sort of northeast of… Session, so?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, again, the clock is not my department. Like, I'm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm here to get people to one place, to the next place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm the key that unlocks the numbers, you know?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that's all I am.
Tim Sackton: And where is… what's her name again?
Tim Sackton: Theoph… theosphilia?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Austria?
Tim Sackton: Belestia?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, like I said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came here with a ton of people, none of them are here anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Telling me they all left.
Tim Sackton: Why did you end this party?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know… I don't know what she was doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What you're asking… is… like, asking…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like asking a key to describe what's inside the room it unlocks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, my job is unlocking rooms!
Kate Sackton: And what's your name again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Monestheus.
Kate Sackton: Nice to meet you, Monetheus.
Kate Sackton: They keep explaining all this to us.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, I'm still confused. You've been here… Do you…
Tim Sackton: This is all just too strange for me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We came here in 1054.
Mike Sackton: So, that was, like…
Tim Sackton: Dangerous of you, Schwartz.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Clay.
Mike Sackton: in here.
Tim Sackton: You should… you should… well, picking a year in the… depths of Apollyon's…
Mike Sackton: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's… that's risky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is the story that they're telling, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is getting pulled into work for him instead of the work that they had been charged with.
Kate Sackton: Sorry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Besides, Tim, I needed a year when the party had already peaked and was beginning to fade.
Tim Sackton: Well, you might have overshot there, it's probably better to do earlier in Apollon's reign.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Kate Sackton: 10.41?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In any case, he names the appropriate year, late in October.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's right.
Tim Sackton: Right. The correct year. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And what year is it now?
Kate Sackton: Well…
Mike Sackton: Reporting?
Tim Sackton: 1740.
Kate Sackton: Last we checked, but we don't know how long we've been here either.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And when did the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When did the empire end?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I don't know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you know?
Kate Sackton: Do I know this? Maybe I know this.
David S. Kong: Was it pushing?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Linda?
Mike Sackton: No doubt.
Mike Sackton: Did anybody know what a drag car had been?
Kate Sackton: Do we know the rough… rough year range age-ish that…
David S. Kong: That.
Kate Sackton: the Joint Korean Empire ended.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sometime in the 1000s.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I can roll an arcana, right?
Tim Sackton: You probably know, you're profici- you have expertise in history.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you would definitely know if you have any… I mean, it's a pretty meaningful year.
Kate Sackton: Plus 6 to my history, yes. I probably don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Momentous year. 1059.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wanted it.
Kate Sackton: That's… I know that year. I say that year.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cannot believe she was right. I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how she called it.
David S. Kong: What'd she say?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's ridiculous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's ridiculous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh my god, everyone I have ever known is dead. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People still speak Drancorin, though, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, my God.
Mike Sackton: No?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Onwards, then, I don't feel like I can wait much longer.
Kate Sackton: Go ahead!
Kate Sackton: Either way, you've been there before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But not inside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go out down the gate, And I think,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me wrap just with a description of arriving at the… Doorway?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tim, will you put that background up for us?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: As you walk down the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The land begins to fall away, down into a ravine on the left-hand side.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: the westward side.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then it branches off to the left, and the main road continues on to the north, but off to the west.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A footpath leads down this promontory which rises and which narrows the further out you go, until by the time you're nearer to the end of it, and see not a building, but just a single door sitting at the end of the path with nothing else around it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are cliffs on all sides, falling away to a darkness at the bottom, in which you cannot discern.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Deep, deep in the shadow, where even the last light of twilight can't reach.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you stand there, In front of the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Each of you glancing to the other, knowing that you're going to walk through it. In fact, knowing that you already have, that you wouldn't have been able to leave the party unless you already had in the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The camera cuts away from the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): back to the Lord of… The endlessly ending.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Standing by himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking away over the lawns, At the party which is just coming apart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Knowing that the best of it is behind him already.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he speaks into the silence, something that you all don't hear, but the camera does, so I'll share it with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As if to you, though, because the camera cuts back over your faces as he's speaking this underneath.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shadow walks beside you in the gloaming.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Whispering a name that you forgot to fear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bring its key, I'll break my oath, avowing you'll watch this heavy contract disappear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where floorboards cry beneath a hidden weight of ancient seed or grown long pruned on mist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spin the rusted wheels of that weary place, and keep us all far from its bright abyss.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unveil the phantom shape I cannot trace, the quiet path a turning labyrinth weaves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unlock the stranger prisoned in that place and strip the shroud your waking mind believes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So take the secret path I cannot see.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Bring back the key.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And finally set me free.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They too black.
Mike Sackton: cavity?
Tim Sackton: Just out of curiosity, where is my owl?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was fun.
Kate Sackton: wondering that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh man, because it is too good to pass up, that owl is 100% perched on top of the doorframe right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay.